good evening ,  michigan !  can we hear it for mia ?
thank you .  thank you .  all right .  okay .  thank you .  and we need to get to work .  all right ,  thank you all .  it is so good to be back in michigan .  it is so good to be back .  i want to thank everyone for taking the time out of your busy lives to take the time to be here this evening .
i thank you all so very much .  can we please hear it for stab -   -  -  wait  -  -  can we please hear for senator stabenow ,  who was here earlier ?  county executive ,  dave coulter  -  -   ;  representative stevens ,  who we need to elect to the united states congress  -  -   ;  and let ' s send representative slotkin to the united states senate  -  -  because we need them in d . c .  we need them in d . c .  i also want to thank all of the leaders of the arab american community who are here .
as everyone know ,  this community has deep and proud roots in the detroit metro area ,  and i am proud to have the support of arab american leaders like wayne county deput -   -  - 
hi ,  we need a medic .  okay ,  we need a medic .  let ' s figure out a way to part a little bit so that we can bring a medic in over here ,  please .  okay ?  okay ,  it looks like we need a medic over there ,  too .  is that what we ' re saying ?  okay .  okay .  we got a lot of folks in here .  it ' s a little warm .  let ' s just make sure we ' re looking out for each other .
okay ?  okay .  are we okay ?  all right ,  it looks like we ' re good .  we ' re okay ?  all right .  okay .  thank you .  and always ,  to our first responders ,  thank you for your work .  so ,  as i was saying ,  our arab american community has deep and proud roots in the detroit metro area ,  and i am very proud to have the support of arab american leaders like wayne county deputy executive assad turfe .
and listen ,  i know this year has been very difficult given the scale of death and destruction in gaza and given the civilian casualties and displacement in lebanon .  it is devastating .  and now ,  sinwar ' s death can and must be a turning point .  everyone must seize this opportunity to finally end the war in gaza  -  -   ;  bring the hostages home ;  and end the suffering once and for all .
and i continue to believe diplomacy is the answer to bringing lasting stability across the israel - lebanon border .  and as vice president and ,  with your help ,  as president ,  i will do everything in my power to achieve these goals  -  -  and work toward a future with security and dignity for all people in the region .
so ,  thank you all .  and ,  michigan ,  listen ,  we got <NUM> days to get this done  -  -  <NUM> short days .  and you all wouldn ' t be here spending your precious time here with all the other obligations you ' ve got if you did not know this is probably one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime .  and it ' s going to be a tight race until the very end ,  and we are the underdog and running as the underdog .
but make no mistake ,  we will win .  we will win .  we will win .  yes ,  we will .  we will win .  and we will win because we understand  -  -  and we will win because we understand what is at stake .  this  -  -  this election is about two very different visions for our nation :  one ,  donald trump ' s ,  that is focused on the past  -  - 
-  -  and the other  -  -  and the other ,  ours ,  that is focused on the future .  we are focused on a future where we bring down the cost of living ,  invest in small businesses and entrepreneurs ,  protect reproductive freedom .  that is in the future that we are fighting for .  but as you all know ,  that ' s not what we ' re hearing from donald trump .
instead ,  it is the same old ,  tired playbook .  he has no plan for how he would address the needs of the american people .  no plan . 
can i hear it again ?  no plan . 
and he is only focused on himself .  and now ,  check this out ,  he is ducking debates and canceling interviews . 
you saw his own campaign team is saying it ' s because of exhaustion .  all right ,  well ,  here ' s the thing ,  if you are exhausted from the campaign trail ,  it raises real questions about you are fit for the toughest job in the world .  and so ,  folks ,  for these reasons and more ,  it is time to turn the page .  let ' s turn the page ,  because america is ready to chart a new way forward  -  -  ready for a new and optimistic generation of leadership  -  -  that is all of you ;  it ' s all of us  -  -  which is why democrats ,  republicans ,  independents are supporting our campaign .
in fact ,  you may have seen earlier this week ,  over <NUM> republican leaders from across the country joined me on the campaign trail  -  -  including some who served under donald trump ' s administration ,  because ,  you know ,  they know him best .  they understand what ' s at stake .  and i believe americans want a president and deserve a president who works for all the american people  -  -  all the american people .
and that has been ,  as you all know ,  the story of my entire career .  i ' ve only ,  in my career ,  had one client :  the people .  one client .  as a young courtroom prosecutor ,  i protected women and children .  as attorney general of california ,  i fought for students and veterans who were being scammed by those for - profit colleges .
as vice president ,  i have stood up for workers and seniors .  and as president ,  i will fight for all the american people  -  -  always .  always .  and  -  - 
and ,  together ,  us and you  -  -  we will together  -  -  like i want you to shout your own name for a minute .  let ' s do that really quickly .  shout your own name for a minute .   that ' s what i ' m talking about ,  because it ' s about your family .  it ' s about you .  that ' s what i ' m talking about .
that ' s what i ' m talking about .  because together ,  we will build a brighter future for our nation .  together .  together .  a future where we build what i call an  " opportunity economy "  so that every american has an opportunity to own a home ,  buy a car ,  build wealth ,  start a business .  right ?  under my plan ,  we will deal with things like bringing down the cost of housing .
we will help entrepreneurs start and grow a small business .  do we have any small - business owners here ?  our small businesses are the backbone of america ' s economy .  my plan will expand medicare to cover home health care for seniors .  and look ,  as with so many of the issues that are priority issues for me ,  including small businesses ,  the issue of home health care  -  -  look ,  i ' m going to just go off script for a moment .
so ,  when my mother was  -  -  when my mother was sick ,  i took care of her .  and for anyone here who has or is taking care of an older relative ,  you know what it is .  it ' s about trying to cook something that they feel like eating .  it ' s about trying to put some clothes on them that won ' t irritate their skin ,  right ?
it ' s about ,  from time to time ,  trying to figure out what you can say that will bring a smile to their face or make them laugh .  it ' s about dignity .  it ' s about dignity .  and here ' s the  -  -  here ' s the deal .  when you look at everyone who is doing that and then you look at the  -  -  what we call the  " sandwich generation ,  "  which are people who are raising your young children and taking care of your parents ,  it ' s a lot .
and either you have enough money to afford to have somebody come in and help you ,  which most people don ' t ,  or you might have to give up your job ,  which means you ' re cutting off a source of income for your household ,  or you have to spend down your savings to qualify for medicaid .  that ' s just not right .  so ,  my plan is to say that we are going to fix it so that medicare covers the cost of home health care work for seniors  -  -  because it ' s about dignity .
it ' s about dignity ,  so more seniors can live at home with dignity .  our plan will lower costs on everything from health care to groceries .  i ' m going to take on corporate price gouging like i ' ve done before .  i ' m going to do it again .  my plan will also give middle - class tax cuts to <NUM> million americans ,  including  $ <NUM> , <NUM> during the first year of a child ' s life ,  because here is where i ' m coming from :  the vast majority of our young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well ,  but not always the resources .
and so ,  looking at expanding the child tax credit  -  -  again ,  it ' s about dignity .  it ' s about recognizing that folks just need a little help to buy a car seat or a crib or the essential needs for your child during such a critical stage of their development .  and by the way ,  we all benefit from that .  everybody benefits from that .
so ,  these are just some examples of our plan .  and all of that to say ,  look ,  i will always  -  -  i will always stand and fight for the middle class and working families of america .  i come from the middle class ,  and i will never forget where i come from .  my plan also invests in american manufacturing and innovation ,  and i will make sure america ,  not china ,  wins the competition for the <NUM>st century . 
exactly right .  exactly right .  and michigan knows  -  -  and michigan knows better than most what that means ,  about investing in american industry .  under my plan ,  we will invest in the industries that built america ,  like steel ,  iron ,  and the great american auto industry .  and contrary to what my opponent is suggesting ,  i will never tell you what kind of car you have to drive .
but here ' s what i will do :  i will invest in communities like oakland county and detroit .  we will retool existing factories and hire locally and work with unions to create good - paying jobs  -  -  including ,  by the way ,  jobs that do not require a college degree .  because this is how i feel  -  -  look ,  this is how i feel about that .
we all know a college degree is not the only measure of the skills and experience of a qualified worker .  so ,  part of my plan is to do an assessment of all the federal jobs ,  which will be under our jurisdiction ,  to figure out which of them should be rethought of in terms of whether or not it actually requires a college degree .
and the next step on that is going to be to challenge the private sector to do the same .  i will also protect the pensions of union members and retirees  -  -  including yesterday ,  when i announced the protection of the full - earned pension benefits of more than <NUM> , <NUM> retirees under the detroit carpenters pension fund .
because back to the point about dignity ,  i understand the dignity of work ,  and i understand the importance of having dignity in your retirement .  now ,  donald trump has a different approach . 
i don ' t need to tell you ,  he ' s full of big promises ,  but always fails to deliver .  always fails to deliver .  so ,  remember he said he was the only one  -  -  you know how he talks  -  -   " the only one "   -  -  who could bring back america ' s manufacturing jobs .  remember when he said that ?  and then america lost almost <NUM> , <NUM> manufacturing jobs when he was president  -  - 
-  -  including tens of thousands of jobs right here in michigan . 
and those losses started before the pandemic  -  -  okay ?   -  -  making donald trump one of the biggest losers  -  -  of manufacturing jobs in american history . 
and his  -  -  and his track record for the auto industry was also a disaster .  he promised workers in warren  -  -  you remember ?  he promised workers in warren that the auto industry would  -  -  and i ' m going to quote  -  -   " not lose one plant "  during his presidency .  then ,  american automakers announced the closure of six auto plants when he was president  -  - 
-  -  including general motors in warren and stellantis in detroit .  remember that ?  thousands ,  thousands of michigan autoworkers lost their jobs .  and donald trump ' s running mate  -  -  you know ,  because the position was vacant and he had to fill it ,  right ?   you know ,  for the young people here  -  -  you know ,  when you go for an interview ,  and you sit down at the interview and you ask the person who ' s interviewing ,   " why ' s the job vacant ?  "   so ,  donald trump ' s current running mate recently suggested that if they win ,  they would threaten the grand river assembly plant in lansing . 
the same plant that our administration protected earlier this year ,  saving <NUM> union jobs .  and remember ,  donald trump encouraged automakers to move their plants out of michigan so they could pay their workers less .  and when the uaw went on strike  -  -  when the uaw went on strike to demand the higher wages that you deserved ,  donald trump went to a non - union shop .
remember ? 
and he attacked the uaw .  and he said striking  -  -  he said striking and collective bargaining don ' t  -  -  and i ' mma quote  -  -   " don ' t make a damn bit of difference .  "  that ' s what he said  -  - 
-  -  about striking and collective bargaining .  well ,  michigan ,  you know better .  we know better .  strong unions mean higher wages ,  better health care ,  and greater dignity  -  -  for union members and everyone else ,  because you don ' t have to be a member of a union to thank unions for your five - day workweek and your vacation time and your sick leave .
thank a union .  which is why ,  when i am president ,  with your help ,  i will sign the pro act into law  -  -  and make it easier for workers to join a union and negotiate for better pay and working conditions .  and now donald trump is making the same empty promises to the people of michigan that he did before ,  hoping you will forget how he let you down the last time .
but we ' re not falling for the okey doke .  no ,  and we won ' t be fooled .  just ,  for example ,  google project <NUM>  -  - 
-  -  which i still ,  by the way ,  find it fascinating to think that they actually put that in writing .  i mean ,  they put it in writing .  they published it ,  they bound it ,  and gave it out ,  right ?  and here ' s the thing ,  to read it is to know it is a detailed and dangerous blueprint for what he will do if he is elected president .
donald trump will give billionaires and corporations massive tax cuts ;  cut social security and medicare ;  get rid of the  $ <NUM> cap on insulin for seniors that you all helped us get ;  make it easier  -  -  he will  -  -  and read it  -  -  make it  -  -  he will make it easier for companies to deny overtime pay to workers  -  - 
-  -  and he intends to impose what i call a  " trump sales tax ,  "  which is at least <NUM> percent ,  if not more ,  of a tax on everyday basic necessities ,  which economists have estimated will cost the american family an additional  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year . 
and if that weren ' t enough ,  on top of this and all of this ,  he plans to end the affordable care act . 
and he has no plan to replace it . 
he has  -  -  because he has ,  quote ,   " concepts of a plan .  "   so ,  you all have heard me say ,  you know ,  i think  -  -  i think donald trump is an unserious man .  and the consequences if he were to ever get in  -  -  back into the white house ,  are  -  -  are absolutely dangerously serious .  because ,  think about it ,  he ' s going to threaten that health insurance coverage of <NUM>  -  - 
okay ,  so here ' s the thing  -  -  here ' s the thing about that  -  -  here ' s the thing about that .  the courts are going to take care of that .  we ' re going to take care of november .  we ' re going to take care of november .  how about that ?  right .  we ' ll take care of november .  but ,  again ,   " concepts of a plan .  "  so ,  think about it in terms of the serious nature of this .
he ' s basically threatening the health insurance coverage of <NUM> million americans based on a concept . 
and taking us back to when  -  -  you remember ?   -  -  insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions .  you remember what that was ?  and that ' s why we are  -  - 
-  -  not going back .  we are not going back .  no ,  we are not going back .  we will move forward .  we will move forward .  because ours is a fight for the future .  ours is a fight for the future .  and it is a fight for freedom  -  -  like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body  -  -  and not have her government tell her what to do .  and we are  -  -  we remember how we got here ,  right ?
donald trump hand - selected three members of the united states supreme court with the intention  -  - 
-  -  that they would undo the protections of roe v .  wade ,  and they did as he intended .  and now ,  check this out ,  in america ,  one in three women live in a state with a trump abortion ban  -  - 
-  -  many with no exception even for rape and incest ,  which  -  -  which means you ' re telling someone who is a survivor of a violation to their body that they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next ?  that is immoral .  immoral .  and let us agree ,  one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do with her body  -  -  not the government ,  not the government .
no .  if she chooses ,  she will talk with her priest ,  her pastor ,  her rabbi ,  her imam ,  but not the government and some folks up in a statehouse telling her what ' s in her own best interest .  and so ,  here ' s my pledge to you .  when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide ,  as president of the united states ,  i will proudly sign it into law .
proudly sign it into law .  and across our nation  -  -  listen ,  i ' m traveling the country ,  and i ' ll tell you ,  across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault on hard - won freedoms and rights ,  including the freedom to vote .  let me tell you ,  i  -  -  in places like georgia ,  where i ' m spending some time ,  you know ,  they passed a law that makes it illegal to give people food and water for standing in line to vote . 
yeah ,  i mean ,  the hypocrisy abounds .  what happened to  " love thy neighbor "  ?  attacks on the freedom to join a union .  attacks on the freedom to be safe from gun violence  -  -  mia talked about that .  attacks on the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .  so ,  i say all that to say what you know  -  -  which is again ,  why you are spending your precious time here .
there is so much on the line in this election .  and this is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  the stakes are even higher ,  because ,  remember ,  a few months ago ,  the supreme court of the united states basically told the former president that he is effectively immune from doing whatever he does in office . 
just imagine donald trump with no guardrails .  just imagine .  he who has vowed ,  if reelected ,  to be a dictator on day one ;  he who calls americans who disagree with him ,  the  " enemy from within .  "  you know where that language comes from ?  and says that he would use the military  -  -  the american military to go after the american people .
he who has called for the quote ,   " termination "  of the constitution of the united states of america .  and  -  - 
and let us be very clear ,  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states of america should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the united states of america .  never again .  never again .  never again . 
so ,  we are not going back ,  and so this is how we ' re going to make sure we don ' t go back .  okay ,  so ,  here  -  -  let ' s get to the business then .  so ,  michigan ,  it all comes down to this .  we are here together because we know what is at stake .  we are here together ,  most importantly ,  also because we love our country .
we love our country .  and i do believe it is one of the highest expressions and forms of love of our country and patriotism to then fight for the ideals of our country and to fight  -  -  and to fight to realize the promise of america .  so ,  election day is in <NUM> days ,  okay ?  and here in michigan ,  early voting starts on saturday ,  october <NUM>th ,  one week from tomorrow .
if you live in wayne county ,  you can vote in person even sooner .  early voting in detroit starts tomorrow .  okay ?  so ,  now is the time to make your plan to vote .  and if you have received your ballot in the mail ,  please do not wait .  fill it out tonight and return it .  because ,  folks ,  the election is here ,  and we need to  -  -  as you know best how to do  -  -  we need to energize ,  we need to organize ,  we need to mobilize  -  -  knowing  -  -  knowing our vote is our voice and your voice is your power .
so ,  michigan ,  today ,  i ask you :  are you ready to make your voices heard ?  do we believe in freedom ?  do we believe in opportunity ?  do we believe in the promise of america ?  and are we ready to fight for it ?  because when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we in .  god bless you .  and god bless america .
good evening . 
california  -  -  good evening ,  everyone .  good evening .  good evening .  oh ,  my goodness .  good evening ,  everyone .  good evening .  good  -  -  good evening .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you . 
good evening .  thank you .  thank you .  thank  -  -  thank you .  thank you .  thank you ,  everyone . 
thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you all .  thank you all .  ok ,  we got to get to some business .  we got to get to some business .  ok ,  thank you all .  ok .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  please .  thank you .  please .  thank you so very much .  thank you ,  everyone .  thank you ,  everyone .
thank you .  ok ,  let ' s get to business .  let ' s get to business .  all right .  so ,  let me start by thanking my most incredible husband ,  doug , 
for being an incredible partner to me and an incredible father to cole and ella .  and happy anniversary ,  dougie . 
i love you so very much .  to our president ,  joe biden , 
when i think about the path that we have traveled together ,  joe ,  i am filled with gratitude .  your record is extraordinary as history will show ,  and your character is inspiring .  and doug and i love you and jill and are forever thankful to you both . 
and to coach tim walz , 
you are going to be an incredible vice president . 
and to the delegates and everyone who has put your faith in our campaign ,  your support is humbling .  so ,  america ,  the path that led me here in recent weeks was ,  no doubt ,  unexpected .  but i ' m no stranger to unlikely journeys .  so ,  my mother ,  our mother ,  shyamala harris ,  had one of her own ,  and i miss her every day and especially right now .
and i know she ' s looking down smiling .  i know that .  so ,  my mother was <NUM> when she crossed the world alone ,  traveling from india to california with an unshakable dream to be the scientist who would cure breast cancer .  when she finished school ,  she was supposed to return home to a traditional arranged marriage .
but as fate would have it ,  she met my father ,  donald harris ,  a student from jamaica .  they  -  -  they fell in love and got married ,  and that act of self - determination made my sister maya and me .  growing up ,  we moved a lot .  i will always remember that big mayflower truck packed with all our belongings ready to go to illinois ,  to wisconsin ,  and wherever our parents jobs took us .  my early memories of our parents together are very joyful ones :  a home filled with laughter and music ,  aretha ,  coltrane ,  and miles at the park .
my mother would say ,   " stay close .  "  but my father would say as he smiled ,   " run ,  kamala ,  run .  don ' t be afraid .  don ' t let anything stop you .  "  from my earliest years ,  he taught me to be fearless .  but the harmony between my parents did not last .  when i was in elementary school ,  they split up and it was mostly my mother who raised us .  before she could finally afford to buy a home ,  she rented a small apartment in the east bay . 
in the bay  -  -  in the bay ,  you either live in the hills or the flatlands .  we lived in the flats ,  a beautiful working class neighborhood of firefighters ,  nurses ,  and construction workers , 
all who tended their lawns with pride .  my mother ,  she worked long hours .  and like many working parents ,  she leaned on a trusted circle to help raise us .  mrs .  shelton ,  who ran the daycare below us and became a second mother .  uncle sherman ,  aunt mary ,  uncle freddie ,  auntie chris ,  none of them family by blood ,  and all of them family by love . 
family who taught us how to make gumbo how to play chess ,  and sometimes ,  even let us win .  family who loved us ,  believed in us ,  and told us we could be anything and do anything .  they instilled in us the values they personified :  community ,  faith ,  and the importance of treating others as you would want to be treated :  with kindness ,  respect ,  and compassion .
my mother was a brilliant five - foot tall brown woman with an accent .  and as the eldest child ,  i saw how the world would sometimes treat her .  but my mother never lost her cool .  she was tough ,  courageous ,  a trailblazer in the fight for women ' s health .  and she taught maya and me a lesson that michelle mentioned the other night .
she taught us to never complain about injustice but do something about it ,  do something about it .  that was my mother .  and she taught us  -  -  and she always  -  -  she also taught us  " and never do anything half - assed .  "  and that is a direct quote ,  a direct quote .  i grew up immersed in the ideals of the civil rights movement .
my parents had met at a civil rights gathering ,  and they made sure that we learned about civil rights leaders ,  including the lawyers like thurgood marshall and constance baker motley ,  those who battled in the courtroom to make real the promise of america .  so ,  at a young age ,  i decided i wanted to do that work .
i wanted to be a lawyer .  and when it came time to choose the type of law i would pursue ,  i reflected on a pivotal moment in my life .  you see ,  when i was in high school ,  i started to notice something about my best friend ,  wanda .  she was sad at school ,  and there were times she didn ' t want to go home .  so ,  one day ,  i asked if everything was all right ,  and she confided in me that she was being sexually abused by her stepfather .
and i immediately told her she had to come stay with us ,  and she did .  this is one of the reasons i became a prosecutor ,  to protect people like wanda ,  because i believe everyone has a right to safety ,  to dignity ,  and to justice .  as a prosecutor ,  when i had a case ,  i charged it not in the name of the victim but in the name of the people for a simple reason .
in our system of justice ,  a harm against any one of us is a harm against all of us .  and i would often explain this to console survivors of crime ,  to remind them ,  no one should be made to fight alone .  we are all in this together .  and every day in the courtroom ,  i stood proudly before a judge ,  and i said five words :  kamala harris for the people .
and to be clear ,  my entire career ,  i ' ve only had one client :  the people .  and so ,  on behalf of the people ;  on behalf of every american ,  regardless of party ,  race ,  gender ,  or the language your grandmother speaks ;  on behalf of my mother and everyone who has ever set out on their own unlikely journey ;  on behalf of americans like the people i grew up with ,  people who work hard ,  chase their dreams ,  and look out for one another ;  on behalf of everyone whose story could only be written in the greatest nation on earth ,  i accept your nomination to be president of the united states of america .  and with this election  -  -  our nation ,  with this election ,  has a precious fleeting opportunity to move past the bitterness ,  cynicism ,  and divisive battles of the past ,  a chance to chart a new way forward ,  not as members of any one party or faction but as americans .
and let me say ,  i know there are people of various political views watching tonight ,  and i want you to know ,  i promise to be a president for all americans .  you can always trust me to put country above party and self ,  to hold sacred america ' s fundamental principles ,  from the rule of law to free and fair elections ,  to the peaceful transfer of power .
i will be a president who unites us around our highest aspirations ;  a president who leads and listens ;  who is realistic ,  practical ,  and has common sense and always fights for the american people .  from the courthouse to the white house ,  that has been my life ' s work .  as a young courtroom prosecutor in oakland ,  california ,  i stood up for women and children against predators who abuse them .
as attorney general of california ,  i took on the big banks ,  delivered  $ <NUM> billion for middle - class families who faced foreclosure ,  and helped pass a homeowner bill of rights ,  one of the first of its kind in the nation .  i stood up for veterans and students being scammed by big for - profit colleges ;  for workers who are being cheated out of their wages ,  the wages they were due ;  for seniors facing elder abuse .
i fought against the cartels who traffic in guns and drugs and human beings ,  who threaten the security of our border and the safety of our communities .  and i will tell you ,  these fights were not easy ,  and neither were the elections that put me in those offices .  we were underestimated at practically every turn ,  but we never gave up because the future is always worth fighting for .
and that ' s the fight we are in right now ,  a fight for america ' s future .  fellow americans ,  this election is not only the most important of our lives .  it is one of the most important in the life of our nation .  in many ways ,  donald trump is an unserious man ,  but the consequences of putting donald trump back in the white house are extremely serious .
consider not only the chaos and calamity when he was in office but also the gravity of what has happened since he lost the last election .  donald trump tried to throw away your votes .  when he failed ,  he sent an armed mob to the united states capitol ,  where they assaulted law enforcement officers .  when politicians in his own party begged him to call off the mob and send help ,  he did the opposite .
he fanned the flames .  and now ,  for an entirely different set of crimes ,  he was found guilty of fraud by a jury of everyday americans and separately  -  -  and separately found liable for committing sexual abuse .  and consider  -  -  consider what he intends to do if we give him power again .
consider his explicit intent to set free violent extremists who assaulted those law enforcement officers at the capitol ;  his explicit intent to jail journalists ,  political opponents ,  and anyone he sees as the enemy ;  his explicit intent to deploy our active - duty military against our own citizens .  consider  -  -  consider the power he will have ,  especially after the united states supreme court just ruled that he would be immune from criminal prosecution . 
just imagine donald trump with no guardrails and how he would use the immense powers of the presidency of the united states ,  not to improve your life ,  not to strengthen our national security ,  but to serve the only client he has ever had ,  himself .  and we know  -  -  and we know what a second trump term would look like .
it ' s all laid out in project <NUM> ,  written by his closest advisors ,  and it ' s sum total is to pull our country back to the past .  but ,  america ,  we are not going back .  we are not going back .  we are not going back .  we are not going back to when donald trump tried to cut social security and medicare .  we are not going back to when he tried to get rid of the affordable care act ,  when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions .
we are not going to let him eliminate the department of education that funds our public schools .  we are not going to let him end programs like head start that provide preschool and child care for our children .  america ,  we are not going back . 
and we are charting  -  -  and we are charting a new way forward ,  forward to a future with a strong and growing middle class because we know a strong middle class has always been critical to america ' s success .  and building that middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency .  and i ' ll tell you ,  this is personal for me .  the middle class is where i come from .
my mother kept a strict budget .  we lived within our means ,  yet we wanted for little ,  and she expected us to make the most of the opportunities that were available to us and to be grateful for them because ,  as she taught us ,  opportunity is not available to everyone .  that ' s why we will create what i call an opportunity economy ,  an opportunity economy where everyone has the chance to compete and a chance to succeed whether you live in a rural area ,  small town ,  or big city .
and as president ,  i will bring together labor and workers and small - business owners and entrepreneurs and american companies to create jobs ,  to grow our economy ,  and to lower the cost of everyday needs like health care and housing and groceries .  we will provide access to capital for small - business owners and entrepreneurs and founders .
and we will end america ' s housing shortage and protect social security and medicare .  now ,  compare that to donald trump because i think everyone here knows .  he doesn ' t actually fight for the middle class ,  not  -  -  he doesn ' t actually fight for the middle class .  instead ,  he fights for himself and his billionaire friends .
and he will give them another round of tax breaks that will add up to  $ <NUM> trillion to the national debt .  and all the while ,  he intends to enact ,  what in effect is ,  a national sales tax ,  call it a trump tax ,  that would raise prices on middle - class families by almost  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year . 
well ,  instead of a trump tax hike ,  we will pass a middle - class tax cut that will benefit more than <NUM> million americans .  friends ,  i believe america cannot truly be prosperous unless americans are fully able to make their own decisions about their own lives ,  especially on matters of heart and home .  but tonight ,  in america ,  too many women are not able to make those decisions .
and let ' s be clear about how we got here .  donald trump handpicked members of the united states supreme court to take away reproductive freedom .  and now ,  he brags about it .  in his words ,   " i did it ,  and i ' m proud to have done it .  "  well ,  i ' ll tell you ,  over the past two years ,  i ' ve traveled across our country ,  and women have told me their stories .  husbands and fathers have shared theirs ,  stories of women miscarrying in a parking lot ,  developing sepsis ,  losing the ability to ever again have children ,  all because doctors are afraid they may go to jail for caring for their patients ;  couples just trying to grow their family cut off in the middle of ivf treatments ;  children who have survived sexual assault ,  potentially being forced to carry a pregnancy to term .  this is what ' s happening in our country because of donald trump .
and understand ,  he is not done .  as a part of his agenda ,  he and his allies would limit access to birth control ,  ban medication abortion ,  and enact a nationwide abortion ban with or without congress .  and get this .  get this ,  he plans to create a national anti - abortion coordinator and force states to report on women ' s miscarriages and abortions .  simply put ,  they are out of their minds .  and one must ask  -  -  one must ask ,  why exactly is it that they don ' t trust women ?
well ,  we trust women .  we trust women .  and when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom ,  as president of the united states ,  i will proudly sign it into law .
in this election ,  many other fundamental freedoms are at stake :  the freedom to live safe from gun violence in our schools ,  communities ,  and places of worship ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride ;  the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water and live free from the pollution that fuels the climate crisis ;  and the freedom that unlocks all the others ,  the freedom to vote .
with this election ,  we finally have the opportunity to pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act .   and let me be clear  -  -  and let me be clear ,  after decades in law enforcement ,  i know the importance of safety and security ,  especially at our border .  last year ,  joe and i brought together democrats and conservative republicans to write the strongest border bill in decades .
the border patrol endorsed it .  but donald trump believes a border deal would hurt his campaign .  so ,  he ordered his allies in congress to kill the deal . 
well ,  i refuse to play politics with our security ,  and here is my pledge to you .  as president ,  i will bring back the bipartisan border security bill that he killed and i will sign it into law .   i know  -  -  i know we can live up to our proud heritage as a nation of immigrants and reform our broken immigration system .
we can create an earned pathway to citizenship and secure our border .  and america ,  we must also be steadfast in advancing our security and values abroad .  as vice president ,  i have confronted threats to our security ,  negotiated with foreign leaders ,  strengthened our alliances ,  and engaged with our brave troops overseas .
as commander in chief ,  i will ensure america always has the strongest ,  most lethal fighting force in the world and i will fulfill our sacred obligation to care for our troops and their families and i will always honor and never disparage their service and their sacrifice .  
i will make sure that we lead the world into the future on space and artificial intelligence ;  that america ,  not china ,  wins the competition for the <NUM>st century ;  and that we strengthen ,  not abdicate ,  our global leadership .  trump ,  on the other hand ,  threatened to abandon nato .  he encouraged putin to invade our allies ,  said russia could  " do whatever the hell they want .  " 
five days before russia attacked ukraine ,  i met with president zelenskyy to warn him about russia ' s plan to invade .  i helped mobilize a global response ,  over <NUM> countries ,  to defend against putin ' s aggression .  and as president ,  i will stand strong with ukraine and our nato allies .   with respect to the war in gaza ,  president biden and i are working around the clock because now is the time to get a hostage deal and a cease - fire deal done .   and let me be clear  -  -  and let me be clear ,  i will always stand up for israel ' s right to defend itself and i will always ensure israel has the ability to defend itself because the people of israel must never again face the horror that a terrorist organization called hamas caused on october <NUM>th ,  including unspeakable sexual violence and the massacre of young people at a music festival .
at the same time ,  what has happened in gaza over the past <NUM> months is devastating .  so many innocent lives lost ,  desperate hungry people fleeing for safety over and over again .  the scale of suffering is heartbreaking .  president biden and i are working to end this war such that israel is secure ,  the hostages are released ,  the suffering in gaza ends ,  and the palestinian people can realize their right to dignity ,  security ,  freedom ,  and self - determination .   and know this ,  i will never hesitate to take whatever action is necessary to defend our forces and our interests against iran and iran - backed terrorists .
i will not cozy up to tyrants and dictators like kim jong un ,  who are rooting for trump ,  who are rooting for trump because you know ,  they know  -  -  they know he is easy to manipulate with flattery and favors .  they know trump won ' t hold autocrats accountable because he wants to be an autocrat himself .  and as president ,  i will never waver in defense of america ' s security and ideals because in the enduring struggle between democracy and tyranny ,  i know where i stand and i know where the united states belongs .  
so ,  fellow americans ,  fellow americans ,  i  -  -  i love our country with all my heart . 
everywhere i go
everywhere i go ,  in everyone i meet ,  i see a nation that is ready to move forward ,  ready for the next step in the incredible journey that is america .  i see an america where we hold fast to the fearless belief that built our nation and inspired the world ,  that here ,  in this country ,  anything is possible ,  that nothing is out of reach .
an america where we care for one another ,  look out for one another ,  and recognize that we have so much more in common than what separates us .  that none of us ,  none of us has to fail for all of us to succeed ,  and that in unity there is strength .  you know ,  our opponents in this race are out there every day denigrating america ,  talking about how terrible everything is .  well ,  my mother had another lesson she used to teach .
never let anyone tell you who you are .  you show them who you are .  america ,  let us show each other and the world who we are and what we stand for :  freedom ,  opportunity ,  compassion ,  dignity ,  fairness ,  and endless possibilities .
we are the heirs to the greatest democracy in the history of the world ,  and on behalf of our children ,  our grandchildren ,  and all those who sacrificed so dearly for our freedom and liberty ,  we must be worthy of this moment .
it is now our turn to do what generations before us have done ,  guided by optimism and faith ,  to fight for this country we love ,  to fight for the ideals we cherish ,  and to uphold the awesome responsibility that comes with the greatest privilege on earth — the privilege and pride of being an american .
so let ’ s get out there .  let ’ s fight for it .  let ’ s get out there .  let ’ s vote for it .  and together ,  let us write the next great chapter in the most extraordinary story ever told .  thank you .  god bless you ,  and may god bless the united states of america .  thank you all .
good afternoon ,  savannah .  good afternoon .  good afternoon ,  savannah .  good afternoon .  oh ,  good afternoon .  oh ,  it ' s good to be back in savannah .  good afternoon .  can we please hear it for katelyn and her incredible  -  -  for her incredible leadership .  look ,  when i look out at our young leaders like katelyn ,  i know our future is so bright .
it is so bright .   i want to thank mayor johnson .  thank you for your  -  -  there you are .  we ' ve been hanging out for the last two days .  mayor ,  i thank you so very much for your leadership .  thank you .  congresswoman nikema williams ,  the chair of the democratic party of georgia ,  for your friendship and your sisterhood .
and to all the leaders with us today ,  good afternoon .  good afternoon .  good afternoon .  i also bring greetings from our president and a great friend of the state of georgia ,  joe biden .   and let us also send our love to the great president from the state of georgia ,  jimmy carter . 
so ,  georgia  -  -   i love you back .  i love you back .  and we have <NUM> days to go until this election ,  <NUM> days to go .  and i think you all have spent your time here sacrificing all your other obligations to be here together ,  us as one community ,  knowing we all have so much more in common than what separates us .
and i thank you for taking that time .  and ,  listen ,  so ,  we ' re here to speak truth ,  and one of the things that we know :  this is going to be a tight race until the very end .  ok ?  so ,  let ' s not pay too much attention to the polls because we are running as the underdog .   ok ?  and we have some hard work ahead of us .
but we like hard work .  hard work is good work .  hard work is good work .  and with your help ,  we are going to win this november .   we are going to win this november .  yes ,  we will .  so ,  look ,  georgia ,  let me say ,  i ' m no stranger to tough fights .  before i was elected vice president ,  before i was elected a united states senator ,  i was an elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  an elected district attorney .
and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor .  so ,  every day in the courtroom ,  i stood proudly before a judge and i spoke five words :   " kamala harris ,  for the people .  "  my entire career ,  i ' ve only had one client :  the people .   i stood for women and children against predators who abused them .
i took on the big banks and delivered  $ <NUM> billion for middle - class families who faced foreclosure .  i fought against cartels who traffic in guns ,  drugs ,  and human beings .  and i stood up for veterans and students being scammed by big for - profit colleges for workers who were being cheated out of the wages they were due and for seniors facing elder abuse .
and i will tell you ,  those fights were not easy ,  and neither were the elections that put me in those offices .  but we never gave up because the future is always worth fighting for .   always .  and that is the fight we are in right now ,  a fight for america ' s future .   we  -  -  we fight for a future with affordable childcare ,  paid leave ,  and affordable health care . 
and on that last subject ,  let ' s finally expand medicaid in georgia  so people can take their child to a doctor or go to an emergency room without going into medical debt .  we  -  -  we fight for a future where we build what i call an opportunity economy so that every american has the opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  and to build wealth and intergenerational wealth and a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families . 
so ,  when i was attorney general ,  i went after price - fixing schemes .   and  -  -  love you back .  love you back .  and i will tell you ,  when we get this done together ,  my friend ,  and when i am president ,  i will take on the bad actors who exploit a crisis to rip off consumers on everyday items  -  -  who rip off consumers on everyday items ,  like groceries .
i will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs and insulin for all americans .   i will take on the high cost of housing and work with developers to cut the red tape and build millions of new homes .  and i will give <NUM> million americans a tax cut ,  including  $ <NUM> , <NUM> to families during the first year of their child ' s life  understanding folks just need a little help from time to time .
and it ' s not about just getting by ;  it ' s about getting ahead .  six thousand dollars in the first year of a child ' s life to help pay for that car seat or the crib or the baby clothes .   and unlike donald trump ,  i will always put the middle - class and working - class families first . 
always .  i come from the middle class ,  i know what i ' m talking about .   and ,  savannah ,  so  -  -  but we got some work to do .  ok ?  we got some work to do ,  because we know donald trump has a very different plan .  he has a very different plan .   just look at his project <NUM> agenda . 
right .  if he is elected ,  donald trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations .  he intends  -  -   he intends to cut social security and medicare .   and he wants to impose what ,  in effect ,  is a national sales tax on everyday products and basic necessities .
and it will cost  -  -  the economists will tell you ,  it will cost a typical american family nearly  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year .  so ,  georgia ,  on top of all of this ,  if donald trump wins in november ,  he intends to end the affordable care act  to take us back to a time when insurance companies  -  -   [ audience chants  " we ' re not going back .  "
]  we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back .  we are not  -  -  we ' re going forward .  and the reason we know we can ' t go back  -  -  to your point ,  the reason we know we can ' t go back ,  on the issue of the affordable care act ,  remember what that was like before we had the affordable care act ?   remember when insurance companies had the power to deny  people with preexisting conditions ?  remember what that was like ,  children with asthma ,   breast cancer survivors ,  grandparents with diabetes ?  so ,  yeah ,  we ' re not going back .
we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back .  and we will move forward .   ours is a fight for the future  and it is a fight for freedom ,  like the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do .
and understand how we got here .  when he was president ,  donald trump handpicked three members of the united states supreme court  with the intention that they would undo the protections of roe v .  wade ,  and they did just as he intended .  and now ,  more than <NUM> states have a trump abortion ban ,  including georgia . 
in fact ,  every state in the south ,  except for virginia ,  has a trump abortion ban .   and think about that ,  many ,  with no exceptions even for rape and incest ,  that is immoral  -  -  immoral .  and let us all agree ,  one does not have to abandon their faith  or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do .
come on .  come on .  come on .  and if he wins ,  donald trump will go further .  he will sign a national abortion ban ,  you best believe .  and he would create a national anti - abortion coordinator and force states to report on women ' s miscarriages and abortions .  it ' s right there in project <NUM> .   i ' ve said it before ,  and i ' ll say it again .
simply put ,  they are out of their minds .  why don ' t they trust women ?  well ,  we trust women .   and when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom ,  as president of the united states ,  i will proudly sign it into law .  proudly .  and across our nation ,  in addition to that ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault on other hard - fought ,  hard - won fundamental freedoms and rights . 
hey ,  let me  -  -  let me  -  -  let me just say something .  let  -  -  hold on .  hold up .  hold up for a second .  hold up for a second .  let me  -  -  let me just say something .  let me just say something .  we are fighting for our democracy .  everyone has a right and should have their voices heard .  i am speaking now .  but on the subject ,  i will say this ,  the president and i are working around the clock .
we have got to get a hostage deal done and get a ceasefire done now .  so ,  back to this election and donald trump .  so ,  in addition to the fight on the fundamental freedom to make decisions about one ' s own body ,  i have been traveling our country ,  and the people of georgia know what i know .  there is a full - on assault on hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights ,  including the freedom to vote  -  -   the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  and an attack on the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .
and we will fight against all of that ,  including the freedom to live free from the pollution that fuels the climate crisis .  here is the thing .  generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  now ,  savannah ,  the baton is in our hands .   so ,  we ,  who believe in the sacred freedom to vote ,  will finally pass the john lewis voting rights advancement act and the freedom to vote act .
we ,  who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence ,  will finally pass universal background checks and red flag laws .  so much is on the line in this election .  so much is on the line .  and understand ,  this is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  things are different .  a lot is the same when we think about the issues ,  and then there is significant differences .
the stakes in <NUM> are even higher .  because consider that the united states supreme court recently just basically told the former president that ,  going forward ,  he will be effectively immune ,  no matter what he does in the white house .   now just imagine  -  - 
well ,  the  -  -  the courts are going to take care of that .  we are going to get him out of  -  -  we are going to elect ourselves and everybody here in november .   but i mentioned the supreme court ruling because understand what this means .  just imagine .  before there ,  was at least the threat of consequence .
understand what it now means ,  and imagine donald trump with no guardrails .   imagine what that means when you consider he has openly vowed that ,  if reelected ,  on day one ,  he will be a dictator ,   that he would end  -  -  that he would end the independence of the department of justice so he could have unchecked power and seek vengeance against people who disagree with him . 
he even called for termination of the united states supreme  -  -  the supreme land of our nation ,  the united states constitution .  think about what that means .  and let us be very clear .  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the united states of america .
never again .  so ,  it all comes down to this .  we are all here together ,  spending this time together because we love our country .  we love our country .  we love our country .  and we know the privilege and pride  -  -  the privilege and pride that comes with being american .  and i do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country . 
that is how we realize the promise of america .  georgia ,  for the past two election cycles ,  voters in this very state ,  you ,  who are here ,  have delivered .  you sent two extraordinary senators to washington ,  dc .   you sent president biden and me to the white house .   you showed up ,  you knocked on doors ,  you registered folks to vote ,  and you made it happen .
you did that .  you did that .  and so ,  now ,  we are asking you to do it again .   let ' s do it again .  let ' s do it again .  so ,  savannah ,  are you ready to make your voices heard ?   do we believe in freedom ?   do we believe an opportunity ?   do we believe in the promise of america ?   and are we ready to fight for it ?   and when we fight ,   [ audience calls out  " we win .  "
]  we win .  god bless you ,  and god bless the united states of america .
can we hear it for michelle obama ?  good afternoon ,  michigan .  good afternoon .  all right ,  guys .  we ' re doing this .  we ' re doing this .  all right .  ok .  oh ,  it ' s great to be in kalamazoo .  thank you ,  guys .  thank you .  ok .  ok .  all right .  thank you .  ok .  we got some work to do .  we got some work to do .  we got some work to do . 
can we please  -  -  can we please applaud my dear and incredible friend ,  the former first lady ,  michelle obama ?  and i just have to say ,  i ' ve known michelle for years ,  and she is an inspiration .  i know everybody here knows this .  she is a truth teller ,  and she motivates us to get to work ,  especially when the stakes are high ,  because ,  as she reminds us ,  as my mother taught me ,  don ' t just sit around and complain about injustice . 
do something .  and there are so many incredible leaders here tonight ,  but i want to first just thank everybody because there are so much you could be doing with your time right now ,  and you are here .  and we are here as community ,  as coalition builders because we love our country ,  and i thank you for being here ,  and i thank you for all your work .
i thank you .  i thank you .  i thank you .  and i want to give a shout - out to lieutenant governor gilchrist .  he ' s over there somewhere .  senator gary peters .  and all the union elected and community leaders here today ,  i thank you .  i want to give a special thank you to former republican congressman fred upton ,  who represented kalamazoo for decades and has endorsed our campaign because ,  as he put it ,  ours is the team that will bring people together ,  strengthen our economy ,  and get things done for the american people .
so ,  kalamazoo ,  listen ,  you all know before i was vice president ,  i was a united states senator .  and before that ,  i was  -  -  i know you want to say kamala - zoo .  i heard you .  ok .  all right .  ok .  we got that out of the way .  ok .  so ,  listen ,  before i was vice president ,  and before that ,  i was a two - term attorney general of california ,  i was a senator and a two - term attorney general of california and before that ,  a district attorney and before that ,  a courtroom prosecutor .
and in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds :  predators ,  fraudsters ,  and repeat offenders .  i took them on ,  and i won .  well ,  michigan ,  in <NUM> days ,  it ' s donald trump ' s turn .  yeah .  yeah .  so ,  listen ,  we ' ve got just <NUM> days left .  well ,  you know ,  i hear your chant ,  but listen ,  the courts are going to handle that .
we ' re going to handle november ,  ok ?  there we go .  so ,  look ,  we ' ve got just <NUM> days left in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime .  as you all know ,  voting has already started ,  and everybody here knows this is going to be a tight race till the very end .  so ,  we have a lot of work to do .  but we like hard work .
hard work is good work .  hard work is joyful work .  and make no mistake ,  we will win .  we will win .  we will win .  we will win .  we will .  yes ,  we will .  we will win . 
and i got something for  -  -  or as a certain former president would say ,  yes ,  we can .  so ,  yes ,  we can .  and yes ,  we will .  and we will win because together ,  and this is about all of us ,  we are fighting for america ' s future . 
and we understand the opportunity we have before us to turn the page on the fear  -  - 
ok .  thank you all .  thank you all .  thank you all .  and listen ,  on the topic of gaza ,  we must end that war ,  and we must end the war and bring the hostages home .  but now ,  i am speaking about <NUM> .  all right .  so ,  listen ,  we have to understand the opportunity we have before us to turn the page on the fear and the divisiveness that have characterized our politics for a decade because of donald trump .
we have an opportunity to turn the page and chart a new and joyful way ,  dare i say ,  joyful way forward ,  where we tap into the ambition and the aspirations and the dreams of the american people .  and i ' m going to tell you ,  as i travel around our country ,  there is an overwhelming call for a fresh start ,  for a new generation of leadership that is optimistic and excited about what we can do together .
there is a yearning in our country for a president who sees the people ,  not just looking in the mirror all the time but sees the people ,  who gets you and who will fight for you .  that is what this election is about .  and my whole career ,  i have put the people above partisanship .  i never asked somebody ,   " are you a democrat or a republican ,  "  before i offered help .
instead ,  the first and only thing i asked is ,   " how can i help you ?  "  and that is a major difference between donald trump and me and between the two extremely different visions that he and i have for our nation .  one ,  his ,  focused on the past and himself .  the other ,  ours ,  focused on the future and you and your family .
and together ,  we will build a future where we bring down the cost of living ,  and that will be my focus every single day as president because ,  look ,  while inflation is down and wages are up ,  prices are still too high .  you know it and i know it .  and unlike donald trump ,  who had  $ <NUM> million handed to him on a silver platter and then filed for bankruptcy six times  -  - 
i grew up in a middle - class neighborhood with a working mother who kept a strict budget and did everything she could to make sure my sister and i had all that we needed .  i come from the middle class ,  and i will never forget where i come from .  i will never forget where i come from .  and so my common - sense plan is about lowering the prices you pay on everything ,  from prescription medication to groceries to housing .
on the other hand ,  donald trump will raise costs on the families of america .  in fact ,  independent economists have analyzed our plans and found that mine will cut your costs and strengthen our economy ,  while his will increase inflation and lead to a recession by the middle of next year . 
and his agenda is all laid out in project <NUM> ,  which ,  i still must say ,  i cannot believe they put that in writing .  i mean ,  they put it in writing .  they bound it .  they handed it out .  and if you get your hands on it ,  google it ,  it ' s a detailed and dangerous blueprint for what he will do if he is elected president .
donald trump will impose a <NUM> percent trump national sales tax on everyday basic necessities ,  which will cost  -  -  the economists have measured it ,  will cost the average family nearly  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year .  on the other hand ,  i will take on an issue like corporate price gouging .  i ' ve done it before ,  and i will do it again .
donald trump will give massive tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations ,  exactly like he did the last time he was president .  i will give a middle - class tax cuts to <NUM> million americans ,  including  $ <NUM> , <NUM> during the first year of a child ' s life that will also lift america ' s children out of poverty .
donald trump ,  again ,  read his plan ,  will get rid of the  $ <NUM> cap on insulin for seniors . 
he will cut medicare and social security .  in fact ,  recently ,  it was published ,  independent economists say he will bankrupt social security in the next six years .  and what everybody here knows ,  we have so many seniors whose only source of income is their social security check .  and we believe that our seniors should be able to retire with dignity ,  not worried about whether they ' re going to have a roof over their head .
and we believe that their families also should not be overwhelmed by the cost of home health care ,  which is why my plan includes ensuring that instead of you who are taking care of your elder relative  -  -  you know ,  i took care of my mother when she was sick ,  and i know what that is like .  it ' s about trying to cook something that they feel like eating .
it ' s about trying to help them put on a sweater .  it ' s about trying to say something that maybe will bring a smile to their face and maybe make them laugh from time to time .  it ' s about their dignity .  but we have a lot of people right now living in what we call the sandwich generation ,  who are taking care of your kids while you ' re taking care of your parents .
and that ' s a lot .  it ' s a lot .  and too many people either  -  -  well ,  either if you are fortunate enough ,  you may have some extra money that you can hire somebody ,  but most people can ' t .  so ,  what that means is so many people have to think about leaving work ,  quitting their job ,  which means cutting a source of income ,  or spending down all of your savings to be able to qualify for medicaid .
it ' s just not right .  so ,  part of my plan says that we ' re going to make sure that medicare covers the cost of home health care for our seniors .  it ' s about dignity .  it ' s about dignity .  it ' s about seeing people where they are and understanding the burdens people face and lifting folks up instead of trying to beat people down ,  which is exactly what we see on the other side .
on top of that ,  my plan will bring down the cost of housing because we know housing is too expensive ,  and for so many people  -  -  you know ,  generations ago ,  folks could kind of count on the american dream .  but it ' s out of reach for far too many people .  and so ,  we ' re going to bring down the cost of housing ,  including creating incentives for more homebuilding .
and we are going to create a  $ <NUM> , <NUM> down payment assistance for first - time homebuyers just to get your foot in the door because the way i see it ,  it ' s not enough that you ' re just able to get by .  i want you to be able to get ahead .  we ' re going to cut taxes for small businesses because small businesses are the backbone of america ' s economy .
do we have any small business owners here ?  right ?  i love our small businesses .  we ' re going to lower health care costs because ,  look ,  i believe health care should be a right and not just a privilege of those who have the money to afford it .  on the other hand ,  we ' ve got donald trump who intends to end the affordable care act or ,  as we like to call it ,  obamacare ,  and he would take us back to when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .
you remember what that was like ? 
well ,  we are not going back .  we are not going back because we are about moving forward ,  and it is time to turn the page .  so ,  ours is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom ,  like the fundamental freedom of a woman to be able to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do .  and remember how we got here .
donald trump hand - selected three members of the united states supreme court with the intention that they would undo the protections of roe v .  wade .  they did as he intended ,  and now one in three women in america lives in a state with a trump abortion ban ,  many with no exceptions for rape and incest . 
and the idea that somebody who survives a crime of a violation to their body would not have the right to make a decision about what happens to their body next ,  that is immoral .  and let us agree .  one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree that the government shouldn ' t be telling her what to do ,  not the government ,  not the government .
if she chooses ,  she will talk with her priest ,  her pastor ,  her rabbi ,  her imam ,  but not the government .  come on .  some folks up in state capitol telling you what ' s in your best interest like you don ' t know ? 
not in michigan ,  but look ,  if there ' s a national  -  -  look ,  if there ' s a national abortion ban ,  nobody is safe .  and that ' s why i so thank everybody for being here ,  knowing this is at stake for everybody and fighting for everybody ' s rights .  and i ' ll tell you  -  -  so i was in  -  -  i actually just got in from texas ,  and i did an event in texas last night ,  in houston .
and if you saw it ,  you probably saw some of the stories about what has been happening in our country ,  the suffering ,  the suffering .  and ,  you know ,  donald trump still refuses to even acknowledge the pain and suffering he has caused .  he insists that ,  and i ' m going to quote ,   " everybody wanted roe v .  wade to be overturned .  " 
come on .  everybody wanted this ?  women are being denied care during miscarriages ,  some only being treated once they developed sepsis .  they didn ' t want this .  couples just trying to grow their family who have been cut off from ivf treatments ,  they didn ' t want this .  the men of america seeing their daughters ,  wives ,  sisters ,  and mothers put at risk because their rights have been stripped away ,  the men of america don ' t want this .
women have died because of these bans .  how could anybody say that they wanted this ?  and you have heard me say i do believe donald trump to be an unserious man ,  but the consequences of him ever being president again are brutally serious ,  brutally serious .  and what i mentioned are just some of the consequences of what he has done .
and i will tell you ,  i pledge to you ,  when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide ,  as president of the united states ,  i will proudly sign it into law .  proudly .  proudly .  with your help .  and so ,  look ,  we are  -  -  and i ' m traveling our country ,  and i ' m going to tell you ,  across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault on other hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights ,  like the freedom to vote .
you know ,  in georgia ,  they got a law that makes it illegal to give people food and water for standing in line to vote .  the hypocrisy abounds .  what happened to love thy neighbor ?  attacks on the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water ,  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .
all of these things are at stake .  and generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom ,  and now the baton is in our hands .  now ,  the baton is in our hands .  and on that point ,  i want to speak ,  in particular ,  to all of the young leaders who are here today .  can i see gen z ?  i love you ,  guys .  i love you .
let me tell you  -  -  see ?  and of the many things that i just think are so great about you ,  you are rightly impatient for change .  i love that .  i love that .  you who have only known the climate crisis are leading the charge to protect our planet and our future .  you who grew up with active - shooter drills are fighting to keep our schools safe .
you who now know fewer rights than your mothers and grandmothers are standing up for reproductive freedom .  and for you all ,  these issues are not theoretical .  they ' re not political .  they ' re your lived experience .  and i want to tell you ,  i see you ,  and i see your power .  and i know many of you are voting for the first time .
who ' s voting for the first time ?  can we hear it for our young leaders and first - time voters ?  there we go .  that ' s what this is about ,  right ?  that ' s why we ' re all here together .  it ' s about our future .  so ,  listen ,  so much is on the line in this election .  you all know that .  and this is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  the stakes are even higher because over the last eight years ,  donald trump has become more confused ,  more unstable ,  and more angry .
and it is clear he has become increasingly unhinged .  but the last time ,  at least there were people who could control him .  but notice ,  they ' re not with him this time .  and then a few months ago ,  the supreme court told the former president he is effectively immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
it ' s not <NUM> or <NUM> when you think about that .  because just imagine donald trump with no guardrails ,  he who will claim unchecked and extreme power if he is reelected ,  he who has vowed he will be a dictator on day <NUM> ,  he who has said he wished he had generals like hitler ' s ,  who calls americans who disagree with him the enemy from within .
you know what that harkens back to ?  and he says he would use the american military to go after them .  donald trump has even called for the  " termination of the constitution of the united states of america .  " 
and let us be very clear .  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the united states .  never again .  never again .  never again .  no .  so ,  there is a huge contrast in this election ,  and i ' m going to ask everyone to just imagine the oval office in three months .
so ,  you can picture it .  but here ' s what i say to the folks who are watching .  it ' s either donald trump in there stewing over his enemies list ,  or me working for you ,  checking off my to - do list .  and you have the power to make that decision .  you have the power to make that decision .  and this is the beauty of our democracy as long as we can hold on to it .  the power is with the people .
the power is with the people to make that decision .  and so ,  michigan ,  it all comes down to this .  we are all here together because we know what is at stake ,  and we are here together ,  most importantly ,  because we love our country .  we love our country .  we love our country . 
and to love our country ,  to love our country is to know that one of the highest forms of patriotism ,  i believe ,  is to then fight for the ideals of our country .  and that ' s what we are all here ,  together ,  to say we love our country ,  and we are prepared to fight for our country and to fight to realize the promise of america ,  the promise of america .
that ' s what this is about .  so ,  election day is in <NUM> days ,  and early voting has already started ,  and you can vote early starting today through sunday ,  november <NUM>rd .  so ,  we need you to vote early ,  michigan .  and now then is the time to make your plan to vote ,  and you can go to iwillvote . com to get all the information you need .
and if you have received your ballot in the mail ,  please do not wait .  fill it out and return it today because ,  folks ,  the election is here .  it is here ,  and the choice is truly in your hands .  and your vote is your voice ,  and your voice is your power ,  your power .  so ,  michigan ,  today ,  i ask you ,  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
we win .  god bless you ,  and god bless the united states of america .
good evening ,  milwaukee ,  and hello to everyone joining us from exciting chicago .  the delegates at the democratic national convention ,  well ,  they just completed their roll call ,  and they have nominated coach walz and me to be the next vice president and president of the united states of america .  and i thank everyone there and here for believing in what we can do together .
we are so honored to be your nominees .  this is a people - powered campaign .  and together ,  we will chart a new way forward ,  a future for freedom ,  opportunity ,  of optimism ,  and faith .  so ,  to everyone in chicago and across america ,  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  and you ' re going to hear from our wonderful second gentleman shortly .
i ' ll see you in two days ,  chicago .  and milwaukee .  it ' s good to be back in milwaukee .  so ,  it ' s good to be back in milwaukee .  it really is .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  so ,  as you know ,  the coach and i were together here in wisconsin just two weeks ago and the first rally after i announced that he would be my running mate ,  and it is so good to be back with all of you .
it ' s so good to be back .  and today ,  of course ,  i always and also bring greetings from our incredible president ,  joe biden .  wasn ' t he terrific last night ?   and i know we are all deeply grateful for his lifetime of service to our nation .  thank you ,  joe .  thank you ,  joe .   so ,  wisconsin ,  we have <NUM> days until the election ,  <NUM> days .
and look ,  we know this is going to be a tight race until the very end .  we have some hard work ahead of us .  we have hard work ahead of us ,  but we like hard work .  hard work is good work .  and with your help this november ,  we will win .  we will win .  we will win .   we will win because  -  -  we will because we ' re going to put in the hard work over the next <NUM> days .
no ,  we haven ' t already won .  seventy - seven days of work to do ,  my friends .  so ,  listen ,  make no mistake .  make no mistake .  as we all know ,  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  this is not just about us versus donald trump .  this is about two very different visions for our nation :  one ,  ours ,  focused on the future ;  the other focused on the past .
and wisconsin ,  we fight for the future .  we fight for the future .  we believe in the future ,  a future with affordable health care ,  a future with affordable child care ,  a future with affordable housing and paid leave .  that ' s the future we believe in .  we believe in a future where we build an opportunity economy where every american has the opportunity to own a home ;  start a business ;  and build wealth ,  including intergenerational wealth .
that ' s what we believe in .  we believe in the future of our country .  we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families .  and when i am president ,  i will bring down the cost of groceries by making sure markets are competitive and fair .  together with coach ,  we will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription medication for all americans .
we will take on the high cost of housing ,  understanding so many people are trying to fulfill the american dream ,  and we need to give people help to get there .  in fact ,  last week ,  i announced my plan to build millions of new homes and help first - time homebuyers with a down payment ,  knowing that ' s a step to get where we need to go .  and my tax plan will give <NUM> million more americans a tax cut ,  including  $ <NUM> , <NUM> to families during the first year of a child ' s life .
that ' s about help with a car seat ,  with a crib ,  with diapers ,  with baby clothes .  if we care about children ,  then let ' s help people ,  help people do what they naturally want to do but don ' t always have the resources to do it .  and unlike donald trump ,  i will always put the middle class and working families first .
but now ,  we know he has a different plan ,  trump ,  right ?  just look at project <NUM> .   now ,  if he is elected ,  understand what that  -  -  you know ,  by the way ,  can you believe they put that thing in writing ,  right ?  so ,  that plan ,  though ,  tells us what they ' re up to .  donald trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations .
he intends to cut social security and medicare .  and he wants to impose what is ,  in effect ,  a national sales tax ,  which will cost a typical family  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year .  understand that ?  and on top of all of this ,  he intends to end the affordable care act .   and you remember what that was like when insurance companies could deny people with preexisting conditions ?
do you remember what that was ?  breast cancer survivors ,  children with diabetes ,  grandparents who need help and support being denied care ?  we ' re not going back .  we are not going back .  we are not going back .   we will move forward ,  just like wisconsin state motto tells us ,   " forward .  "  forward .
ours is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom .  and it is a fight for freedom ,  like the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do .  you know ,  i don ' t know what ' s up with these people ,  by the way .  i mean ,  they just seemingly don ' t trust women .
well ,  we trust women .  we trust women .  and we know how we got to this place .  we know how we got to this place with now over <NUM> ,  over <NUM> trump abortion bans .  we know how we got here .  the former president trump hand - selected three members of the united states supreme court with the intention that they would undo the protections of roe v .  wade .
and as he intended ,  they did .   and then in state after state ,  they proposed and passed laws to punish women ,  criminalize health care providers ,  in some states ,  not even making an exception for rape or incest .   and just yesterday ,  when he was asked if he has any regrets about ending roe v .  wade ,  donald trump ,  donald trump ,  without even a moment ' s hesitation ,  you would think he would reflect on it for a second ,  said ,   " no ,  no regrets ,  and that ' s because i do believe ,  you know ,  bad behavior should result in a consequence .  "  well ,  we will make sure he does face a consequence ,  and that will be at the ballot box in november ,  in november ,  in november .
and i promise you ,  when i am president of the united states and congress passes a bill to restore the protections of roe v .  wade ,  i will proudly sign it into law .  and wisconsin ,  in addition to that ,  as you all know ,  we are witnessing across our nation a full - on attack on hard - fought ,  hard - won fundamental freedoms and rights ,  across our nation ,  like the freedom to vote ,  the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .
so ,  we know what we ' re dealing with in this moment ,  and we must remember ,  as the generations of americans before us who led the fight for freedom ,  the baton is now in our hands .  we carry the baton .  we carry the baton .  and so much is on the line in this election .  and understand  -  -  we have to understand something .
this is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  this is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  and in particular ,  the stakes are higher for a lot of reasons because we know what he does when he ' s in office .  but including that ,  last month ,  the supreme court of the united states basically told the former president that he will effectively be immune for what he does in the white house .
now ,  think about what that means ,  think about what that means ,  knowing the individual we ' re talking about .  donald trump has openly vowed to be a dictator on day one .  he has openly indicated his intention to weaponize the department of justice against his political enemies .  think about what we know about him and what he ' s told us .  he even called for  " the termination of the constitution of the united states .  "   so ,  let us be very clear .
somebody who intends to terminate the constitution of the united states should never again have the opportunity to stand behind the seal of the president of the united states .  never again .  we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back .   we ' re not going back .
we ' re going forward .  we ' re not going back .  so ,  tim just looked at me and said ,   " we ' re not going back ,  i think .  "  so ,  milwaukee ,  here ' s the thing .  as you all know ,  it ' s why you are here .  it ' s why you have taken the time to be here this evening .  it all comes down  -  -  i love you back .  and it all comes down to this .
we ' re here  -  -  thank you .  but here ' s the thing .  here ' s the thing .  the reason that we are all here together ,  spending this time together truly and deeply is because we love our country .  we love our country .  we believe in our country .  we believe in our country .   and i do believe ,  i do believe that it is the highest form of patriotism ,  the highest form of patriotism to then fight for the ideals of our country .
and that ' s what we are here to do .  and that is how we fulfill the promise of america ,  the promise of america .  and it is that promise of america  -  -  we need a medical assistant here .  ok .  we need a nurse ,  or we need a medic here ,  please .  let ' s just make a  -  -  let ' s make a path .  let ' s make a path ,  if you all don ' t mind .
just let ' s make a path to right here .  let ' s just create a path to right here .  let ' s create a path ,  guys .  and thanks for looking out for each other ,  but let ' s create a path for the medics .  are you ok ?  ok .  we ' re going to be ok .  we ' re going to be ok .  all right .  ok .  we ' ll be ok .  this is who we are ,  right ?
this is what we ' re about ,  looking out for each other .  we care about each other .  you know ,  it ' s about truly understanding what love thy neighbor means .  it ' s about ,  in the face of a perfect stranger ,  seeing a neighbor ,  understanding what that love of each other means .  it ' s a big difference between what we ' re talking about and what ' s on the other side .
so ,  listen ,  i ' ll just  -  -  i ' ll end with this point :  the promise of america .  the promise of america is what we are fighting for ,  and it is that promise that i think makes it possible that coach governor walz and i would be sharing the same ticket .  think about that .  think about that .  think about it in the context of the promise of america .
two middle - class kids ,  one born in oakland ,  california ,  to a working mom ,  the other a son of the nebraska plains who grew up working on a farm .  i worked at a mcdonald ' s .  but only in america ,  only in america is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the white house .  only in america ,  only in america .
so ,  my last point is this .  in this election ,  we each face a question ,  and that question is what kind of country do we want to live in ,  right ?  do we want to live in a country of chaos and fear and hate ?   no .  or a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law ?   and the beauty ,  the beauty of our democracy ,  listen ,  the beauty of our democracy is we each have the power to answer that question .
each and every one of us has the power to answer that question ,  each one of us .  that ' s our power .  the power is with the people .  so ,  wisconsin ,  today ,  i ask ,  are you ready to have your voices heard ?   do we believe in freedom ?   do we believe in opportunity ?
do we believe in the promise of america ?   and are we ready to fight for it ?   and when we fight ,  we win .  god bless you ,  and god bless the united states of america .  god bless you .
good afternoon ,  everyone .  good afternoon .  hi .  well ,  it ' s good to be back in pittsburgh .  thank you ,  all .  thank you .  thank you .  please have a seat .  please have a seat .  andrea ,  thank you so very much for that beautiful introduction and for your leadership .  it really is my honor to be with you today .  thank you .
and thank you to risa and the economic club of pittsburgh for hosting us today .  and i also want to thank mayor gainey for being here .  mayor ,  you greet me each time i come to pittsburgh .  i thank you so very much for that and  -  -  and your leadership .  thank you .  so ,  hello ,  friends .  let ' s get started .  ok .
so ,  we gather at a moment of great consequence .  in this election ,  i believe we have an extraordinary opportunity to make our middle class the engine of america ' s prosperity ,  to build a stronger economy where everyone everywhere has a chance to pursue their dreams and aspirations ,  and to ensure that the united states of america continues to out - innovate and outcompete the world .
over the past three and a half years ,  we have taken major steps forward to recover from the public health and economic crisis we inherited .  inflation has dropped faster here than the rest of the developed world .  unemployment is near record low levels .  we have created almost <NUM> , <NUM> manufacturing jobs ,  including <NUM> at the battery manufacturing plant over in turtle creek .
and we have supported another <NUM> , <NUM> jobs at montgomery locks .  so ,  these are local great examples of the work that we have achieved thus far .  and last week ,  for the first time ,  of course ,  in four and a half years ,  the federal reserve cut interest rates ,  which will make it just a little easier for families to buy a home or a car or just pay down their credit card bill .
but let ' s be clear ,  for all these positive steps ,  the cost of living in america is still just too high .  you know it ,  and i know it .  and that was true long before the pandemic hit .  many americans who aspire to own a home are unable to save enough for a down payment on a house and starting to think that maybe homeownership is just outside of their reach .
folks who live in factory towns and in rural communities who have lost jobs are wondering if those jobs will ever come back .  many americans are worried about how they ' ll afford the prescription medication they depend on .  all of this is happening at a time when many of the biggest corporations continue to make record profits while wages have not kept up pace .
i understand the pressures of making ends meet .  i grew up in a middle - class family .  and while we were more fortunate than many ,  i still remember my mother sitting at that yellow formica table late at night ,  a cup of tea in hand ,  with a pile of bills in front of her ,  just trying to make sure that she paid them off by the end of the month .
like so many americans ,  just trying to make it all work .  every day ,  millions of americans are sitting around their own kitchen tables and facing their own financial pressures because ,  over the past several decades ,  our economy has grown better and better for those at the very top and increasingly difficult for those trying to attain ,  build ,  and hold on to a middle - class life .
in many ways ,  this is what this election is all about .  the american people face a choice between two fundamentally very different paths for our economy .  i intend to chart a new way forward and grow america ' s middle class .  donald trump intends to take america backward to the failed policies of the past .
he has no intention to grow our middle class .  he ' s only interested in making life better for himself and people like himself ,  the wealthiest of americans .  you can see it spelled out in his economic agenda ,  an agenda that gives trillions of dollars in tax cuts to billionaires and the biggest corporations while raising taxes on the middle class by almost  $ <NUM> , <NUM> a year ,  slashing overtime pay ,  throwing tens of millions of americans off of health care ,  and cutting social security and medicare .
in sum ,  his agenda would weaken the economy and hurt working people and the middle class .  you see ,  for donald trump ,  our economy works best if it works for those who own the big skyscrapers ,  not those who actually build them ,  not those who wire them ,  not those who mop the floors .   well ,  i have a very different vision .
i have a very different vision for our economy .  i believe we need to grow our middle class and make sure our economy works for everyone ,  for people ,  like the people in the neighborhood where i grew up and the hardworking americans i meet every day across our nation .  so ,  i call my vision the opportunity economy ,  and it ' s about making sure everyone can find a job and more  -  -  and more because ,  frankly ,  having a job ,  i believe ,  in our ambition and aspiration should be baseline ,  and we should aspire and have the ambition and plan to do more .
i want americans and families to be able to not just get by ,  but be able to get ahead ,  to thrive  -  -  be able to thrive .  i don ' t want you to have to worry about making your monthly rent if your car breaks down .  i want you to be able to save up for your child ' s education ,  to take a nice vacation from time to time . 
i want you to be able to buy christmas presents for your loved ones without feeling anxious when you ' re looking at your bank statement .  i want you to be able to build some wealth ,  not just for yourself ,  but also for your children and your grandchildren ,  intergenerational wealth .  and here ' s the thing  -  -  here ' s the thing ,  here ' s the beauty of it all .
we know how to build an economy like that .  we do know how to unlock strong shared economic growth for the american people .  history has shown it time and again ,  when we invest in those things that strengthen the middle class ,  manufacturing ,  housing ,  health care ,  education ,  small businesses ,  and our communities ,  we grow our economy and catalyze the entire country to succeed .
i have pledged that building a strong middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency ,  and the reason  -  -  but let me tell you ,  the reason is not about politics and it ' s not about ideology .  from my perspective ,  it ' s just common sense .  it ' s just common sense .  it ' s actually what works .  when the middle class is strong ,  america is strong .
and we can build a stronger middle class .  the american economy  -  -  we know this here .  the american economy is the most powerful force for innovation and wealth creation in human history .  we just need to move past the failed policies that we have proven don ' t work .  and like generations before us ,  let us be inspired by what is possible .
as president ,  i will be grounded in my fundamental values of fairness ,  dignity ,  and opportunity .  and i promise you ,  i will be pragmatic in my approach .  i will engage in what franklin roosevelt called bold ,  persistent experimentation because i believe we shouldn ' t be constrained by ideology and instead should seek practical solutions to problems ,  realistic assessments of what is working and what is not ,  applying metrics to our analysis ,  applying facts to our analysis ,  and stay focused then not only on the crises at hand ,  but on our big goals on what ' s best for america over the long term .
and part of being pragmatic means taking good ideas from wherever they come .  listen ,  you all know my career .  andrea shared it with you .  i am a devout public servant .  i also know the limitations of government .  i ' ve always been and will always be  -  -  and be clear about this .  i ' ve always been and will always be a strong supporter of workers and unions ,  and i  -  -  i also believe we need to engage those who create most of the jobs in america .
look ,  i am a capitalist .  i believe in free and fair markets ,  i believe in consistent and transparent rules of the road to create a stable business environment ,  and i know the power of american innovation .  i ' ve been working with entrepreneurs and business owners my whole career ,  and i believe companies need to play by the rules ,  respect the rights of workers and unions ,  and abide by fair competition .
and if they don ' t ,  i will hold them accountable .  and if anyone has a question about that ,  just look at my record as attorney general ,  look at my record in california taking on the big banks for predatory lending ,  taking on big health care companies for conspiring to jack up prices ,  taking on a big for - profit college for scamming veterans and students .
at the same time ,  i believe that most companies are working hard to do the right thing by their customers and the employees who depend on them ,  and we must work with them to grow our economy .  i believe an active partnership between government and the private sector is one of the most effective ways to fully unlock economic opportunity ,  and that is what i will do when i am president .
i will target the major barriers to opportunity and remove them .  we will identify commonsense solutions to help americans buy a home ,  start a business ,  and build wealth .  and we will adopt them .  so ,  let ' s start then with the first pillar of an opportunity economy ,  which is lowering costs .  so ,  i made that our top priority for obvious reasons because if we want the middle class to be the growth engine of our economy ,  we need to restore basic economic security for middle - class families .
to that end ,  the most practical thing we can do right now is to cut taxes for middle - class families and individuals ,  and that ' s what we will do .  under my plan ,  more than <NUM> million americans will get a middle - class tax break that includes  $ <NUM> , <NUM> for new parents during the first year of their child ' s life  to help families cover everything from car seats to cribs .
we ' ll also cut the cost of child care and elder care  and finally give all working people access to paid leave ,  which will help everyone caring for children ,  caring for aging parents ,  and that sandwich generation which is caring for both .  so ,  i have a personal experience with caregiving .
i remember being there for my mother when she was diagnosed with cancer ,  cooking meals for her ,  taking her to her appointments ,  just trying to make her comfortable ,  figuring out which clothes were soft enough that they wouldn ' t irritate her ,  and telling her stories to try and make her laugh .  i know caregiving is about dignity .
it really is .  and when we lower the cost and ease the burdens people face ,  we will not only make it then easier for them to meet their obligations as caregivers ,  we will also make it more possible for them to go to work and pursue their economic aspirations .  and when that happens ,  our economy as a whole grows stronger .
now ,  middle - class tax cuts are just the start of my plan .  we will also go after the biggest drivers of cost for the middle class and work to bring them down .  and one of those ,  some would argue one of the biggest ,  is the cost of housing .  so ,  here ' s what we will do .  we will cut the red tape that stops homes from being built and take on ,  in addition ,  corporate landlords who are hiking rental prices ,  and we will work with builders and developers to construct <NUM> million new homes and rentals for the middle class because increasing the housing supply will help drive down the cost of housing .
we will also help first - time homebuyers just get their foot in the door with the  $ <NUM> , <NUM> down payment assistance because the goal is clear ,  let ' s help more americans afford to buy a home ,  which we know is a critical step in their ability to grow their wealth and intergenerational wealth .  and we will work to reduce other big costs for middle - class families .
we will take on bad actors who exploit emergencies and drive up grocery prices by enacting the first - ever federal ban on corporate price gouging .  i had the experience of dealing with that when i was attorney general .  we will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans ,  just like we did for our seniors .
now ,  by contrast ,  donald trump has no intention of lowering costs for the middle class .  in fact ,  his economic agenda would actually raise prices .  and listen ,  that ' s not just my opinion .  a survey of top economists by the financial times and the university of chicago found that by an overwhelming <NUM> to <NUM> percent margin ,  my plan would be better for keeping inflation low .
objective economists have been very clear .  the second pillar of an opportunity economy is investing in american innovation and entrepreneurship .  so ,  for the last century ,  the united states of america has been a beacon around the world .  and as your vice president now for almost four years ,  i ' ve been traveling the world ,  meeting with world leaders ,  meeting with foreign leaders ,  meeting with business people in various countries with which we have partnership .
and i will tell you ,  america remains a beacon for what it means to inspire and invest in innovation ,  not only for our ability to come up with some of the most breakthrough ideas ,  but also our ability to turn those ideas into  -  -  into some of the most consequential innovations the world has ever known .
i believe the source of our success is the ingenuity ,  the dynamism ,  and enterprising spirit of the american people .  to paraphrase  -  -   yes ,  it is ,  it ' s our nature .  it ' s our nature .  to paraphrase warren buffett ,  since the founding of our nation ,  there has been no incubator for unleashing human potential like america .
and we need to guard that spirit .  we have to guard that spirit .  let it always inspire us .  let it always be the source of our optimism ,  which is that spirit that is so uniquely american .  and let that then inspire us by helping us to be inspired to solve the problems that so many face ,  including our small business owners .
so ,  as i travel the country ,  what i hear time and again from those who own small businesses and those who aspire to start them is that ,  too often ,  an entrepreneur has a great idea  -  -  not too often ,  that ' s good  -  -  and they have the willingness to take the risk ,  but they don ' t have access to the capital that they need to make it real .
and as andrea said ,  not everybody was handed on a silver platter  $ <NUM> million and then filed for bankruptcy six times .  oh ,  i said that .  i  -  -  i actually said that .  well ,  we can make it easier  -  -  we can make it easier for our small businesses to access capital .  on average ,  it costs about  $ <NUM> , <NUM> to start a new business .
but currently ,  the tax deduction for startups is only  $ <NUM> , <NUM> .  so ,  currently ,  for startup costs ,  the tax deduction is  $ <NUM> , <NUM> .  well ,  in <NUM> ,  it is almost impossible to start a business on  $ <NUM> , <NUM> ,  which is why ,  as president ,  i will make the startup deduction <NUM> times richer and we will raise it from  $ <NUM> , <NUM> to  $ <NUM> , <NUM> tax deduction and provide low and no interest loans to small businesses that want to expand .
all of which will help achieve our ambitious ,  some would say  -  -  but that ' s ok ,  let ' s be ambitious  -  -  our ambitious goal of <NUM> million new small business applications by the end of my first term .  i know this is very achievable .  and for anyone here who is a small business owner or works for a small business or has a small business in your life ,  you understand what i ' m talking about in terms of when we build up our small businesses ,  what that does to entire communities to lift them up economically ,  civically ,  culturally ,  and in every way .
small businesses ,  the point being ,  help drive our economy  and they create  -  -  they create nearly <NUM> percent of private sector jobs and they strengthen our middle class .  and if we can harness the entrepreneurialism of the american people and unlock the full potential of aspiring founders and small business owners ,  i am optimistic that no one will be able to outpace us .
by contrast ,  donald trump ,  when he was president ,  has been described by one of the nation ' s leading experts on small businesses in a piece he published in a major paper as not being good for small businesses .  in fact ,  the title  -  -  the title  -  -  wait because i ' m burying the lede right now .  one of the leading experts on small businesses published a piece in one of the major newspapers ,  and the title ,  i ' m going to quote ,   " does donald trump hate small businesses ?  "  and their answer was yes .
their answer was yes because at the same time that donald trump was giving a tax cut to big corporations and billionaires ,  he tried to slash programs for small businesses and raise borrowing costs for them .  instead of making it easier ,  he actually made it more difficult for them to access capital .  and that ' s not surprising because donald trump just does not prioritize small businesses .
he does not seem to value ,  frankly ,  the essential role they play .  but look ,  when i look at small business owners ,  i see some of the heroes of our economy ,  not only entrepreneurs ,  but ,  as i said ,  civic leaders ,  community leaders ,  part of the glue that holds communities together .  the third pillar of our opportunity economy is leading the world in the industries of the future and making sure america ,  not china ,  wins the competition for the <NUM>st century .
one of the recurring themes in american history is that when we make an intentional effort to invest in our industrial strength ,  it leads to extraordinary prosperity and security ,  not only for years ,  but for generations .  think of alexander hamilton having the foresight to build the manufacturing capabilities of our new nation .
think of lincoln and the transcontinental railroad .  think of eisenhower and the interstate highway system ,  kennedy committing america to win the space race and spurring innovation across our society .  from our earliest days ,  america ' s economic strength has been tied to our industrial strength .  and the same is true today .
so ,  i will recommit the nation to global leadership in the sectors that will define the next century .  we will invest in biomanufacturing and aerospace ;  remain dominant in ai and quantum computing ,  blockchain ,  and other emerging technologies ;  expand our lead in clean energy innovation and manufacturing so the next generation of breakthroughs from advanced batteries to geothermal to advanced nuclear are not just invented but built here in america by american workers . 
and we will invest in the industries that ,  for example ,  made pittsburgh the steel city by offering tax credits for expanding good union jobs in steel and iron and manufacturing communities like here in mon valley .  and across all these industries of the future ,  we will prioritize investments for strengthening factory towns  -  -  this is so important  -  -  for strengthening factory towns ,  retooling existing factories ,  hiring locally ,  and working with unions because no one who grows up in america ' s greatest industrial or agricultural centers should be abandoned .
and understand what that means for real people ,  people we know ,  people we care about .  we don ' t have to abandon a strength we ' ve known to achieve a strength that we plan .  and here ' s what else we will do when i am president .  we will double the number of registered apprenticeships by the end of my first term because i almost made it a goal of mine  -  -  i  -  -  i am  -  -  i think i am going to fall short  -  -  but trying to visit every ibew local in america because i ' m going to tell you ,  those apprenticeship programs ,  those are tough duty ,  man and women and everyone .
they ' re tough duty .  i mean ,  talk about the skills that are about engineering and science and math and just the most highly skilled folks who are in those apprenticeships and teaching there .  and so ,  one of the things we must do understanding that and understanding the nature of that part of our educational system is let ' s eliminate degree requirements while increasing skills development ,  and let ' s start with something i can do as president was ensure that we do that for the half million of federal jobs that are within our ability to make it so ,  showing what is possible ,  and then challenging the private sector to make a similar commitment to emphasizing skills and not just degrees .
and we will reform our tax laws to make it easier for businesses to let workers share in their company ' s success .  and i will challenge the private sector to do more to lift up workers through equity ,  profits ,  and benefits so more people can share in america ' s success and prosperity .  and not only must we build the industries of the future in america ,  we must also build them faster .
you know ,  there ' s a time for patience and there ' s a time for impatience .  that ' s not in ecclesiastes ,  but  -  -  but  -  -  i just went off script for a minute ,  mayor .  but the simple truth is in america ,  it takes too long and it costs too much to build .  whether it ' s a new housing development ,  a new factory ,  or a new bridge ,  projects take too long to go from concept to reality .
it happens in blue states ,  it happens in red states ,  and it ' s a national problem .  and i will tell you this ,  china is not moving slowly .  they ' re not .  and we can ' t afford ,  too ,  either .  if we are to compete ,  we can ' t afford ,  too ,  either .  as president ,  if things are not moving quickly ,  i will demand to know why and i will act .
i will work with congress ,  workers and businesses ,  cities and states ,  community groups ,  and local leaders to reform permitting ,  to cut red tape ,  and get things moving faster because look ,  as i said ,  patience may be a virtue but not when it comes to job creation or america ' s competitiveness .  many of you know ,  the empire state building ,  you know how long it took to build that ?  one year .
the pentagon ,  you know how long that took ?  sixteen months .  no one can tell me we can ' t build quickly in our country .  i ' ve got empirical evidence .  now ,  look ,  my opponent ,  donald trump ,  well ,  he makes big promises on manufacturing .  just yesterday ,  he went out and promised to bring back manufacturing jobs .
and if that sounds familiar ,  it should .  in <NUM> ,  he went out and made that very same promise about the carrier plant in indianapolis .  you ' ll remember ,  carrier then offshored hundreds of jobs to mexico under his watch .  and it wasn ' t just there .  on trump ' s watch ,  offshoring went up and manufacturing jobs went down across our country and across our economy .
all told ,  almost <NUM> , <NUM> manufacturing jobs were lost during his presidency starting before the pandemic hit ,  making trump one of the biggest losers ever on manufacturing .   donald trump also talked a big game on our trade deficit with china ,  but it is far lower under our watch than in any year of his administration .
while he constantly got played by china ,  i will never hesitate to take swift and strong measures when china undermines the rules of the road at the expense of our workers ,  our communities ,  and our companies ,  whether it ' s flooding the market with steel inferior or at all ,  unfairly subsidizing shipbuilding ,  or hurting our small businesses with counterfeits .
recall ,  donald trump actually shipped advanced semiconductor chips to china ,  which helps them upgrade their military .  understand the impact of these so - called policies that really are not about a plan for strengthening our prosperity or our security .  i will never sell out america to our competitors or adversaries .
never .  never .  and i will always make sure we have the strongest economy and the most lethal fighting force anywhere in the world .   so ,  at this pivotal moment ,  we have an extraordinary opportunity to chart a new way forward ,  one that positions the united states of america and all of us who are blessed to call this home for success and prosperity in the <NUM>st century .
you know ,  there ' s an old saying that the best way to predict the future is to invent it .  well ,  that is the story of the steel city .  that is the story of the steel city .  the city that helped build the middle class ,  birthed america ' s labor movement ,  empowered the rise of american manufacturing ,  and the city where allen newell and herbert simon launched the first ai research hub at carnegie mellon and created entirely new fields like machine learning .
and carnegie mellon is now home to the largest university robotics center in america .  so ,  the proud heritage of pittsburgh ,  i so strongly believe reveals the character of our nation ,  a nation that harnesses the ambitions ,  the dreams ,  and the aspirations of our people ;  seizes the opportunities before us because we see them ,  because we believe in them ;  and then invents the future .
that is what we have always done ,  and that is what we must now do .  and i know we will .  i thank you all for inviting me .  may god bless you and may god bless the united states of america .  thank you ,  all .
good evening ,  everyone .  good evening . 
oh ,  it is so good to be with all the leaders who are here .
i want to thank the international president ,  rasheeda s .  liberty .  i thank you for your friendship and your leadership and for the warm welcome this evening .  thank you so very much .
and to the international board of directors ,  to the council of presidents of the national pan - hellenic council ,  and to congresswoman robin kelly ,  it is my  -  -    -  -  it is my great honor to be with everyone this evening .
and i th -   -  -  please have a seat .  i thought everyone one was standing .   if you have a seat ,  please have a seat .  thank you all .
and to all the members of sigma gamma rho sorority ,  incorporated  -  - 
-  -  it is so good to be with you this evening ,  and i say that as a proud member of the divine nine .  and when i look out at everyone here ,  i see family .
and ,  you know ,  we all  -  -  we share a vision for the future of our nation .  ours is a vision of a future in which we realize the promise of america .  and aren ' t so many of us empirical evidence of the promise of america ?  a promise of freedom ,  opportunity ,  and justice not for some but for all .
since <NUM> ,  the members of sigma gamma rho sorority ,  incorporated  -  - 
-  -  have helped realize that promise .  generation after generation ,  the members of this sorority have shown that greater service brings greater progress .   i know .
in the <NUM>s and  ' <NUM>s ,  you created college scholarships for young black women .  in the <NUM>s and  ' <NUM>s ,  you launched a nationwide program to help folks get a job .  in the <NUM>s ,  you formed a partnership with st .  jude to fight childhood cancer .  and in <NUM> ,  you continued your leadership when ,  during the height of a pandemic ,  you helped elect joe biden president of the united states  -  -    -  -  and me as the first woman vice president of the united states . 
and for all of those reasons ,  i am here to thank you for your long - standing service to our nation and to declare ,  in this moment ,  that our nation needs your leadership once again .  in this moment ,  we face a choice between two very different visions for our nation :  one focused on the future ,  the other focused on the past .
and we in this room are fighting for the future  -  -    -  -  a future with affordable health care ,  affordable childcare ,  and paid leave .  and we fight for a future with equal pay for women ,  because we know when we lift up the economic status of women ,  we lift up the economic status of children ,  of families ,  and all of society benefits . 
we here work for a future where every person has the opportunity not just to get by but to get ahead  -  -  to build a business ,  to own a home ,  and to build intergenerational wealth .
we here see a future where we bring down the cost of living for hardworking americans ,  which is why we are fighting to ban more of those hidden fees and surprise late charges that banks and other companies use to pad their profits ,  to take on corporate landlords and cap rent increases ,  and take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans . 
all of this to say ,  we are working to build up  -  -  to build up ,  not tear down  -  -  and to build up america ' s families and america ' s middle class ,  because we know when our middle class is strong ,  america is strong .
but as we work to move our nation forward ,  let us be clear :  there are those who are trying to take us backward .  you may have seen their agenda .  they call it  " project <NUM> .  " 
right .  and it is a <NUM> - page agenda of extremism .
project <NUM> would raise taxes on middle - class families and cut taxes for billionaires ;  eliminate the department of education ;  and end programs like head start ,  which ,  of course ,  would take away preschool from hundreds of thousands of our children .  all of this to build on what donald trump did in his first term .
when he was president ,  he gave tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations .  he tried to cut social security and medicare every single year .  and he and his allies have tried more than <NUM> times to end the affordable care act and to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .
remember what that was ? 
denying children with asthma ,  breast cancer survivors ,  grandparents with diabetes .
and ,  you know ,  america has tried these failed policies before .  and we are not going back .   we are not going back .
we all here remember what those four years were like .  and today ,  we were given yet another reminder .  this afternoon  -  - 
-  -  donald trump spoke at the annual meeting of the national association of black journalists ,  and it was the same old show  -  -  the divisiveness and the disrespect .
and let me just say :  the american people deserve better .  the american people deserve better . 
the american people deserve a leader who tells the truth ,  a leader who does not respond with hostility and anger when confronted with the facts .  we deserve a leader who understands that our differences do not divide us .  they are an essential source of our strength . 
so ,  i say to sigma gamma rho sorority ,  incorporated ,  ours is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom .
across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on attack on hard - fought ,  hard - won fundamental freedoms and rights :  the freedom to vote ,  the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  the freedom to live without fear of bigotry and hate ,  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride ,  the freedom to learn and acknowledge america ' s true and full history ,  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do .   a fight for our most fundamental freedoms .
and to this room of leaders ,  i say :  bring it on .   bring it on ,  those who would dare to attack these fundamental freedoms .
because we here  -  -  we love our country .  we love our country .  and i believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country .
so ,  we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act . 
we who believe that every person should be free from gun violence will finally pass universal background checks ,  red flag laws ,  and an assault weapons ban . 
and we who believe in reproductive freedom will fight for a woman ' s right to choose  -  -    -  -  because we know one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do  -  -    -  -  because we know faith and freedom can coexist .
and understand ,  when he was president ,  donald trump handpicked three members of the united states supreme court  -  -  the court of thurgood and r . b . g .   -  -  because he intended for them to overturn the protections of roe v .  wade .  and as he intended ,  they did .
and now ,  in the south ,  where the majority of black women live ,  every state except for virginia has an abortion ban ,  many with no exception even for rape and incest .
and now ,  he intends to pass a nationwide abortion ban to ban access to fundamental health care in every state .
but i will not let that happen .  i promise you ,  when i am president of the united states  -  -    -  -  and when congress passes a law to restore reproductive freedoms ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  in this  -  -  you ' re  -  -  you ' re welcome . 
so ,  in this moment ,  our fundamental freedoms are on the ballot and so is our democracy .
this month  -  -  and it really bears ,  just with all that ' s been happening ,  to just  -  -  to  -  -  for a moment pause and think about it .  this month ,  the supreme court basically just told the former president ,  who has been convicted of fraud ,  that ,  going forward ,  he will be immune for activity we know he is prepared to engage in if he gets back into the white house .
recall ,  donald trump has openly vowed ,  if reelected ,  to be a dictator on day one ,  that he will weaponize the department of justice against his political enemies ,  that he will round up peaceful protesters and throw them out of our country ,  and even ,  quote ,   " terminate "  the united states constitution .
so ,  in conclusion ,  i say to the incredible members of sigma gamma rho sorority ,  incorporated  -  - 
-  -  there is so much at stake in this moment .  election day is in <NUM> days .  and in this moment ,  once again ,  our nation is counting on you to energize ,  to organize ,  and to mobilize ;  to register folks to vote and get them to the polls .
because when we organize ,  mountains move .   when we mobilize ,  nations change .  and when we vote ,  we make history . 
so ,  let us continue to fight with faith ,  with optimism ,  and with hope .
and when we fight ,  we win . 
god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america . 
thank you ,  thank you . 
we ' re doing this !   oh !   we ' re doing this .   we ' re doing this . 
good evening ,  philadelphia !   good evening .   good evening ,  good evening .   good evening ,  everyone .  good evening .  good evening .
oh ,  it is good to be back in pennsylvania . 
so ,  let me say ,  on behalf of myself and the first second gentleman of the united states ,  my husband ,  doug emhoff  -  -    -  -  thank you for the warm welcome . 
and let me just say ,  it ' s good to be here with all of the friends ,  all of the leaders who are here .  i want to thank former governor ed rendell  -  -   ;  senator bob casey ,  who we will reelect this november  -  -   ;  senator john fetterman  -  -   ;  mayor cherelle parker  -  -   ;  and chairman jaime harrison . 
and it is so good to be here with your incredible governor ,  josh shapiro .   and i will say josh is a dear ,  dear friend and an extraordinary leader .  he and i have been spending a lot of time together over the years .  and i told josh ,   " look ,  i am so ,  so invested in our friendship ,  in doing this together .  "  because together ,  with josh shapiro ,  we will win pennsylvania .   we will win pennsylvania .
and i thank you ,  josh .  i thank you . 
so  -  -  so ,  philadelphia ,  i launched my campaign for the president of the united states a mere two weeks ago .   and it ' s  -  -  it ' s been a bit of a whirlwind . 
and just last night ,  the delegates to the democratic national convention finished voting ,  and so  -  -    -  -  i stand  -  -  i stand before you today to proudly announce i am now officially the democratic nominee for president of the united states . 
and so ,  now we got some work to do .  we need to move to the general election and win that . 
and to all the friends ,  listen ,  we also need to level set .  we are the underdogs in this race ,  but we have the momentum ,  and i know exactly what we are up against . 
now ,  many of you know ,  before i was elected vice president or elected a united states senator ,  i was an elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  elected district attorney .   and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
so ,  in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds  -  -   :  predators who abused women  -  - 
-  -  fraudsters who scammed consumers  -  - 
-  -  cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain . 
so ,  hear me when i say  -  -    -  -  i know donald trump ' s type . 
so  -  -  but let  -  - 
let me  -  -  let me just say . 
let me say .  hold on . 
hold on ,  hold on .
this campaign ,  our campaign is not just a fight against donald trump .   our campaign ,  this campaign is a fight for the future .   it ' s a fight for the future .
and ,  pennsylvania ,  we fight for a future with affordable housing ,  affordable health care ,  affordable childcare ,  paid leave .   we fight for a future where we build a broad - based economy where every american has the opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  and to build wealth . 
we fight for a future where we bring down prices that are still too high and lower the cost of living for american families  -  -    -  -  so that they have the chance not just to get by but to get ahead . 
we fight for a future where we defend our most fundamental freedoms :  the freedom to vote  -  -   ;  the freedom to be safe from gun violence  -  -   ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  -  -   ;  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body not having her government tell her what to do . 
so  -  - 
i love you too .
so ,  here ' s the thing .  here ' s the thing .  since the day that i announced my candidacy ,  i set out to find a partner who can help build this brighter future  -  -    -  -  a leader who will help unite our nation and move us forward ;  a fighter for the middle class ;  a patriot who believes ,  as i do ,  in the extraordinary promise of america  -  -    -  -  a promise  -  -  a promise of freedom ,  opportunity ,  and justice not just for some but for all . 
so ,  pennsylvania ,  i ' m here today because i found such a leader :  governor tim walz of the great state of minnesota . 
so ,  to those who know him best  -  -  to those who know him best ,  tim is  -  -  is more than a governor .  to his wife ,  gwen ,  he is a husband .  to his kids ,  hope and gus ,  he is a dad .  to his fellow veterans ,  he is sergeant major walz .   to the people  -  -  to the people of southern minnesota ,  for <NUM> years ,  he was congressman .   to his former high school students ,  he was mr .  walz .   and to his former high school football players ,  he was coach  -  -    -  -  coach  -  -  coach .
and in <NUM> days  -  -    -  -  the nation will know coach walz by another name :  vice president of the united states . 
so ,  america ,  for some folks ,  they ' re just getting to know coach walz ' s story .  and i ' ll tell you ,  he is the proud product of a middle - class family in rural nebraska .   he is a veteran who served our nation in uniform for more than two decades  -  -    -  -  as a member of the army national guard ,  and he went to college on the g . i .  bill . 
he is someone who ,  long before he entered politics ,  worked as a teacher .   when coach walz and his wife ,  gwen ,  moved from his native nebraska to minnesota nearly <NUM> years ago ,  they both took jobs at the local high school .   coach walz taught social studies ;  gwen taught english . 
after school ,  tim was the linebackers coach for the football team  -  -    -  -  where i ' ve heard the stories about he had a knack for using the game of football to teach life lessons .  he saw the potential in kids who sometimes didn ' t even see it in themselves . 
under those friday night lights ,  coach walz motivated his players to believe they could achieve anything .  and ,  together ,  they defied the odds  -  -  hear this out  -  -  going from a winless record to the school ' s first - ever state championship .   coach .  coach .  a -   -  - 
and i ' ll say and i ' ll add ,  tim wasn ' t only a role model on the football field .  around that same time ,  coach walz was approached by a student in his social studies class .  the young man was one of the first openly gay students at the school and was hoping to start a gay - straight alliance .  at a time  -  -    -  -  at a time when acceptance was difficult to find for lgbtq students ,  tim knew the signal that it would send to have a football coach get involved .   right ?
so ,  he signed up to be the group ' s faculty advisor .   and as students have said ,  he made the school a safe place for everybody .   in the high school yearbook ,  the students voted coach walz the ,  quote ,   " most inspiring faculty member .  " 
and as i think everyone here can see ,  tim walz was the kind of teacher and mentor that every child in america dreams of having  -  -    -  -  and that every kid deserves ;  the kind of coach ,  because he ' s the kind of person who makes people feel like they belong and then inspires them to dream big .  and that ' s the kind of vice president he will be .   and that ' s the kind of vice president america deserves . 
so ,  it was coach walz ' s students who actually helped him decide to run for office ,  and he served <NUM> years in congress ,  representing a purple district ,  as he reached across the aisle to get things done .
he was the highest - ranking  -  -    -  -  he was the highest - ranking enlisted man to ever serve in the united states congress  -  -    -  -  and the top democrat on the veterans committee .   and he was known as one of capitol hill ' s best marksmen  -  -    -  -  winning a bipartisan sharpshooting contest year after year . 
in washington ,  tim worked to raise the minimum wage  -  -   ;  to protect the freedom of workers to join a union  -  -   ;  and he cast one of the critical votes to pass the affordable care act  -  -    -  -  which ,  of course ,  gave health insurance to tens of millions of americans .
and i ' m going to tell you ,  when we win ,  tim and i will continue to make the affordable care act even stronger . 
we will win .  that ' s right .
now let ' s talk about what we ' re dealing with on the other side . 
so ,  on that last topic ,  if donald trump gets the chance ,  he will end the affordable care act  -  - 
-  -  and take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .  you remember what that was like ?  children with asthma ,  breast cancer survivors ,  grandparents with diabetes .
well ,  governor walz and i will not let that happen  -  -    -  -  because we believe health care should be a right and not just a privilege for those who can afford it . 
as governor ,  tim has continued to fight for working families .  he secured paid leave for workers in minnesota .   and he refused  -  -  he refused ,  as governor ,  to allow any student in their public schools to go hungry  -  -    -  -  so he made school breakfast and lunch free for every child . 
and tim walz and i ,  we agree about many things ,  including when our middle class is strong ,  america is strong .   and strengthening the middle class will be my defining goal as i am president of the united states . 
so ,  pennsylvania ,  ours is a fight for the future of the middle class and it is a fight for freedom .   in this moment ,  we are witnessing a full - on attack against hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights . 
take reproductive freedom .  now think about this :  donald trump said he wants to punish women . 
and as a result of his actions ,  today in america one out of three women live in a state with a trump abortion ban  -  -  one out of three . 
some of these bans go back to the <NUM>s ,  even before women had a right to vote .  think about that .
well ,  tim and i have a message for trump and others who want to turn back the clock on our fundamental freedoms :  we ' re not going back . 
we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back . 
and so ,  let me say about tim walz ,  he has shown up to stand against these attacks long before he stood on the stage with me .  after roe was overturned ,  he was the first governor in the country to sign a new law that enshrined reproductive freedom as a fundamental right . 
and with tim walz by my side ,  when i am president of the united states and we win majorities in the united states congress ,  we will pass a bill to restore reproductive freedom ,  and i will proudly sign it into law . 
tim walz has also defended the sacred freedom to vote .  as governor  -  -    -  -  as governor ,  he signed the most significant expansion of voting rights in minnesota in over <NUM> years .   and with governor walz ' s help ,  when i am president ,  we are going to finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act .   we ' re going to get it done .
so ,  tim is a hunter and a gun owner who believes ,  as the majority of gun owners do ,  that we need reasonable gun safety laws in america .   so ,  as governor ,  he expanded background checks and increased penalties for illegal firearm sales . 
and together ,  when we win in november ,  we are finally going to pass universal background checks  -  -    -  -  red flag laws ,  and an assault weapons ban . 
through his work ,  tim ,  he  -  -  you know ,  the way i think about it ,  he really does shine a light on a brighter future that we can build together .  in his state ,  he has been a model chief executive .  and with his experience ,  i ' m telling you ,  tim walz will be ready on day one . 
in fact  -  -  in fact ,  when you compare his resume  -  -    -  -  shall we ?   -  -  to trump ' s running mate ,  well  -  -  well  -  -  well ,  some might say it ' s like  -  -  it ' s like a matchup between the varsity team and the jv squad . 
so ,  pennsylvania ,  ultimately ,  in this election ,  we each face a question :  what kind of country do we want to live in ?  a country  -  -  a country of freedom  -  -    -  -  compassion ,  and rule of law or a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ? 
and here ' s the beauty of our democracy :  we each have the power to answer that question .  we each have the power to answer that question .   the power is with the people . 
we love our country ,  and i believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country .   that  -  -  that is how we preserve the promise of america .
and after all ,  you know ,  the promise of america is what makes it possible for two middle - class kids  -  -  one a daughter of oakland ,  california  -  -    -  -  who was raised by a working mother ;  the other a son of the nebraska plains who grew up working on a farm  -  -    -  -  it ' s the promise of america ,  because only in america  -  -  only in america is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the white house . 
only in america .  only in america .  only in america . 
that ' s right . 
that ' s right .  that ' s right .
and so ,  coach walz and i may hail from different corners of our great country ,  but our values are the same .  and we both believe in lifting people up ,  not knocking them down . 
he and i ,  we both know the vast majority of people in our country have so much more in common than what separates them .   when we look at folks ,  we see ,  in our fellow americans ,  neighbors ,  not enemies  -  -    -  -  not enemies .
and so ,  my promise to you is this .  our campaign will reach out to everyone ,  from red states to blue states  -  -    -  -  from the heartland to the coasts ;  in rural ,  urban ,  suburban ,  and tribal communities .   we are running a campaign on behalf of all americans .   and when elected ,  we will govern on behalf of all americans . 
and so ,  with tim walz by my side and with all of you at our side  -  -    -  -  let us fight for the promise of our future . 
and with that ,  i ask :  pennsylvania ,  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win . 
and now welcome the next vice president of the united states ,  tim walz . 
good afternoon .   good after -   —  hi ,  wisconsin . 
thank you all .   thank you .  tha -   —    —  thank you .  thank you ,  thank you .  thank you .   thank you all .   thank you .  thank you ,  everyone .  thank you .  tha -   —  good afternoon ,  wisconsin !  
good afternoon ,  everyone .  thank you .  it is good to be back .  thank you all very much . 
can we please hear it for leia and her extraordinary story and leadership ?   thank you .
and i do believe our teachers do god ' s work .  they teach other people ' s children ,  and god knows we don ' t pay them enough .  let ' s thank her . 
and it is so good to be here and be back with so many extraordinary leaders ,  including my friend ,  the great governor of wisconsin ,  tony evers .   he ' s here somewhere .
my dear friend ,  senator tammy baldwin .   and ,  you know ,  i had the privilege of serving with tammy when i was in the united states senate ,  and she is always fighting for the people of this state .  and i know that the folks that are here are going to make sure you return her to washington ,  d . c .  ,  in november .   yes ,  we are going to elect her back to washington ,  d . c .
it is so good to be here also with lieutenant governor sara rodriguez  —   ;  attorney general josh kaul  —   ;  wisconsin secretary of state sarah godlewski  —   ;  county executive david  —  david crowley  —   ;  mayor cavalier johnson  —   ;  and the great state party chair ,  ben wikler  —    —  who i have worked with  —  ben ,  you and i have been working together for years .  and i can attest ,  he knows how to build the infrastructure that delivers wins up and down the ballot .  thank you ,  ben . 
so ,  it is good to be back in wisconsin ,  and it is great to be in milwaukee . 
as many of you know ,  our state campaign headquarters are in this city .   yes .  and th -   —  there ' s a reason for that :  the path to the white house goes through wisconsin .   yes ,  it does .  and to win in wisconsin ,  we are counting on you ,  right here in milwaukee . 
and you all helped us win in <NUM> .   and in <NUM> ,  we will win again .   yes ,  we will .
so ,  milwaukee ,  i want to start by saying a few words  —  and i could really speak at length  —  but a few words about our incredible president ,  joe biden . 
it has truly been one of the greatest honors of my life to serve as vice president to our president ,  joe biden . 
joe ' s legacy of accomplishment over his entire career and over the past three and a half years is unmatched in modern history . 
in one term  —  think about it .  in one term as president ,  he has already surpassed the legacy of most presidents who served two terms in office . 
and i know we are all deeply ,  deeply grateful for his continuing service to our nation .   and it is my great honor to have joe biden ' s endorsement in this race . 
so  —  so ,  wisconsin ,  i am told ,  as of this morning ,  that we have earned the support of enough delegates to secure the democratic nomination .   and i am so very honored .  and i pledge to you i will spend the coming weeks continuing to unite our party so that we are ready to win in november . 
so ,  friends ,  we have <NUM> days until election day .  and in that time ,  we ' ve got some work to do .  but we ' re not afraid of hard work .  we like hard work ,  don ' t we ?   and we will win this election .   yes ,  we will .
so ,  as leia told you ,  before i was elected vice president ,  before i was elected a united states senator ,  i was elected attorney general of the state of california .  and i was a courtroom prosecutor before then . 
and in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds  —    —  predators who abused women ,  fraudsters who ripped off consumers ,  cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain .  so ,  hear me when i say :  i know donald trump ' s type .  
and in this campaign ,  i promise you i will proudly put my record against his any day of the week . 
as attorney general of california ,  i took on one of our country ' s largest for - profit colleges that was scamming students .  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students .
as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in cases involving sexual abuse .  well ,  trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse .
as attorney general of california ,  i took on the big wall street banks and held them accountable for fraud .   donald trump was just found guilty of fraud on <NUM> counts . 
but let ' s also make no mistake :  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  this campaign is about who we fight for .   this is about who we fight for .
just look at how we are running our campaigns .  so ,  donald trump is relying on support from billionaires and big corporations ,  and he is trading access in exchange for campaign contributions .
a couple of months ago  —  y ' all saw that ?   —  a couple months ago at mar - a - lago ,  he literally promised big oil companies  —  big oil lobbyists he would do their bidding for  $ <NUM> billion in campaign donations .
on the other hand ,  we are running a people - powered campaign .   and we just had  —  some breaking news :  we just had the best <NUM> hours  —    —  of grassroot fundraising in presidential campaign history .   all right ?
and because we are a people - powered campaign ,  that is how you know we will be a people - first presidency . 
and ,  wisconsin ,  this campaign is also about two different visions for our nation :  one where we are focused on the future ,  the other focused on the past .
we believe in a future where every person has the opportunity not just to get by but to get ahead  —   ;  a future where no child has to grow up in poverty  —   ;  where every worker has the freedom to join a union  —   ;  where every person has affordable health care  —    —  affordable childcare  —    —  and paid family leave .   we believe in a future where every senior can retire with dignity . 
so ,  all of this is to say :  building up the middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency .   because here ' s the thing we all here ,  wisconsin ,  know :  when our middle class is strong ,  american is strong . 
but donald trump wants to take our country backward .  he and his extreme project <NUM> agenda  —
—  will weaken the middle class .
like ,  we know we got to take this seriously .  and can you believe they put that thing in writing ?   read it .  it ' s <NUM> pages .
but here ' s the thing :  you  —  when you read it ,  you will see donald trump intends to cut social security and medicare .
he intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations and make working families foot the bill .
they intend to end the affordable care act  —
—  and take us back ,  then ,  to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .
remember what that was like ?
children with asthma ,  women who survived breast cancer ,  grandparents with diabetes .
america has tried these failed economic policies before ,  but we are not going back .   we are not going back .  we ' re not going back .
we ' re not going back .
we are not going back .
we ' re not going back .
we ' re not going back .
and i ' ll tell you why we ' re not going back :  because ours is a fight for the future .   and it is a fight for freedom . 
generations of americas b -   —  generations  —  and we have to remember this :  the shoulders on which we stand .  generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  and now ,  wisconsin ,  the baton is in our hands . 
we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote  —    —  will make sure every american has the ability to cast their ballot and have it counted . 
we who believe that every person in our nation sh -   —  who should have the freedom to live safe from the terror of gun violence  —    —  will finally pass red flag laws ,  universal background checks ,  and an assault weapons ban . 
and we who believe in reproductive freedom  —    —  will stop donald trump ' s extreme abortion bans because we trust women to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do . 
and when congress passes a law to restore reproductive freedoms ,  as president of the united states ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  wisconsin ,  ultimately ,  in this election ,  we each face a question :  what kind of country do we want to live in ?
a country  —   .  and to your point  —    —  do we want to live in a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law  —    —  or a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ?
and here ' s the beauty of this moment :  we each have the power to answer that question .  the power is with the people .   we each have the power to answer that question .
and in the next <NUM> days ,  then ,  we have work to do .   we have doors to knock on ,  we have phone calls to make ,  we have voters to register ,  and we have an election to win . 
so ,  wisconsin ,  today i ask you :  are you ready to get to work ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  —
—  we win .
god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america . 
hey ,  nevada !   can we hear it for tim walz ? 
oh ,  it ' s so good to be back .  good evening ,  everyone .   good evening .  good evening . 
oh ,  i see lots of friends .  oh ,  it is good to be back .  it is good to be back .   thank you all .  my goodness . 
s -   -  -  but ,  seriously ,  isn ' t tim walz fantastic ? 
and i know ,  for some folks ,  you ' re just getting to know him and you ' ve heard he ' s had many titles over his life :  governor ,  congressman ,  dad ,  husband ,  coach .    but in <NUM> days ,  our nation is going to know coach walz as vice president of the united states of america .   that ' s right .
and it is so good to be here with so many incredible leaders ,  including my dear friends senator catherine cortez masto  -  -   ;  senator jacky rosen  -  -    -  -  who we will reelect to the united states senate  -  -   ;  congressmembers dina titus  -  -   ,  steven horsford  -  -   ,  and susie lee . 
and i know culinary <NUM> is in the house .     -  - 
that ' s right . 
and the culinary union ,  as everyone in nevada knows ,  they have helped lead the way in our country for workers '  rights and workers '  dignity . 
and i have to say ,  for years ,  i ' ve been so proud to work by your side .  when i was attorney general of california ,  we worked together to crack down on wage theft .   when i was a united states senator ,  we fought together for paid family leave and medical leave .   and earlier this year ,  right here in vegas ,  we celebrated your historic contract win . 
and it is my promise to everyone here ,  when i am president ,  we will continue our fight for working families of america  -  -    -  -  including to raise the minimum wage  -  -    -  -  and eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers . 
and ,  nevada ,  today ,  i also bring greetings from our incredible president ,  joe biden .   joe . 
we love joe . 
that ' s great .  that ' s great .
and i know  -  -  i ' m going to tell him what you all just said . 
and i know we are all so deeply grateful to joe biden for his lifetime of service to our nation  -  -    -  -  and he ' s not done .  and he ' s not done .
so ,  as i said ,  it ' s so good to be back in las vegas .  the last time i was here ,  i stopped by the practice for the men ' s national basketball team before they headed out to the olympics . 
and maybe you saw it on your phone ,  but just a few hours ago in paris ,  they won the gold . 
and i got more for you .  a few hours before that ,  our women ' s national soccer team won the gold as well . 
usa .  usa .  that ' s right .
so ,  in one sport after another ,  team usa continues to make our nation proud .   so much to celebrate .  so much to celebrate .
so ,  nevada ,  we have <NUM> days until the election  -  -  <NUM> days .  and here ' s the thing  -  - 
but here ' s the thing .  here ' s the thing .  we know this will be a tight race until the very end ,  and so let ' s not pay too much attention to the polls ,  because we have some hard work ahead of us .  but we like hard work .   hard work is good work .   and with your help this november ,  we will win .   we will win .  we will win .  we will win . 
and i know we are all clear  -  -  toward that win ,  we are all clear about what we are up against .
as many of you know ,  before i was elected vice president ,  before i was elected a united states senator ,  i was an elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  district attorney .   and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
in those roles  -  -  in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds  -  -   :  predators who abused women ,  fraudsters who ripped off consumers ,  scammers who broke the rules for personal gain .  so ,  nevada ,  hear me when i say i know donald trump ' s type .    i do .  i do . 
whoa ,  whoa ,  hold on .  hold on .  hold on .  hold on .  the courts are going to take care of that .  we just going to beat them in november .  we ' ll beat them in november .   we ' ll beat them in november .
but i ' ve certainly been dealing with people like him my entire career .
for example ,  as attorney general of california ,  i took on one of our country ' s largest for - profit colleges that scammed students .  well ,  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students . 
remember that .
as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in cases of sexual abuse .  well ,  donald trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse . 
as attorney general ,  i held wall street banks accountable for fraud .  well  -  -    -  -  donald trump was just found guilty of fraud  -  -  <NUM> counts . 
all of this is to say ,  in this campaign ,  i will proudly put my record against his every day of the week  -  -  every day of the week . 
that being said ,  let ' s make no mistake :  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  it is about two different visions for our nation :  one ,  ours ,  focused on the future ;  the other focused on the past . 
but we ' re not going back . 
we ' re not going back .  we are not going back .
and we ' re not going back because ,  nevada ,  we fight for the future  -  -    -  -  a future with affordable health care ,  affordable childcare ,  and paid leave . 
we fight for a future where we build a broad - based economy ,  where every american has an opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  and to build wealth . 
we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families so they have a chance not just to get by but to get ahead  -  -  to get ahead . 
because ,  look ,  while our economy is doing well by many measures ,  prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high .  you know it and i know it .
when i was attorney general ,  i went after price - fixing schemes ,  and when i am president ,  i will continue that work to bring down prices .   i will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging ,  corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families ,  and  -  -    -  -  and take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans . 
unlike donald trump ,  i will always  -  -  i promise you  -  -  put the middle class and working families first . 
because ,  you see ,  tim walz and i may not appear to have a whole lot in common ,  but we have so much in common .  and i ' ll tell you what he and i know :  the middle class built the united states of america  -  -    -  -  and when the middle class is strong ,  america is strong . 
and so ,  while we together work to move our nation forward ,  donald trump has a different plan .  just look at his project <NUM> agenda . 
which i keep saying ,  i can ' t believe they put that in writing .   so ,  if he is elected ,  donald trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations . 
he intends to cut social security and medicare . 
and he intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis . 
and i don ' t need to tell nevada every day ,  because you feel the impact of extreme heat and drought .   you know the climate crisis is real .  but donald trump ,  well ,  he claims it ' s a hoax . 
and on top of this ,  if donald trump were to win in november  -  -  he won ' t  -  -    -  -  but if he were to win in november ,  he intends to end the affordable care act . 
think about that .  to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions . 
you remember what that was like ?  children with asthma .  breast cancer survivors .  grandparents with diabetes .
look ,  america has tried these failed policies before ,  and we are not  -  - 
-  -  going back .   we are not going back .  we are not going back . 
no .  and we are going to move forward .  we will move forward . 
and in moving forward ,  we will take on the biggest issues facing our nation .  for example ,  we will address the issue of immigration . 
i was the attorney of a border state  -  -  attorney general of a border state .  i went after transnational gangs ,  drug cartels ,  and human traffickers who came into our country illegally .  i prosecuted them in case after case ,  and i won . 
we know our immigration system is broken ,  and we know what it takes to fix it :  comprehensive reform that includes ,  yes ,  strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship . 
but donald trump doesn ' t want to fix this problem .  he talks a big game about a lot of things .   but he talks a big game about border security ,  but he does not walk the walk .
earlier this year ,  we had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades ,  but donald trump tanked the bill because he thought it would help him win an election . 
well ,  when i am president ,  i will sign that bill into law . 
nevada ,  ours is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom . 
across our nation ,  we have been witnessing a full - on assault on hard - won ,  hard - fought freedoms and fundamental rights :  the  -  -  the freedom to vote ,  the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  -  -    -  -  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do .   a fight for freedom .
and on that last point ,  we all know how we got here .  when he was president ,  donald trump handpicked three members of the united states supreme court  -  - 
-  -  because he intended for them to undo the protections of roe v .  wade .  and as he intended ,  they did .
now in more than <NUM> states ,  there is a trump abortion ban ,  many with no exceptions even for rape and incest . 
and be sure ,  if he were to win ,  he would sign a national abortion ban ,  which would outlaw abortion in every state ,  even nevada . 
but we are not going to let that happen  -  -    -  -  because we trust women . 
and when i am president of the united states and congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedoms ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  i know the folks who are here .  i know the people of nevada ;  you are battle born .   you are battle born .  and if donald trump wants to pick a fight over our most fundamental freedoms ,  we say :  bring it on .  bring it on .   bring it on . 
because we ' re ready .  we ' re ready .
so ,  nevada ,  generations  -  -  generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  now the baton is in our hands .   each and every one of us .
so ,  we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act . 
and we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass an assault weapons ban ,  universal
background checks ,  and red flag laws . 
so much is on the line .  so much is on the line in this election .  and understand this is not <NUM> .  this is not <NUM> .  this time around ,  the stakes are even higher ,  and that ' s because last month ,  the supreme court of the united states basically told  -  - 
-  -  the former president that going forward ,  he will effectively be immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
but  -  -  but think about what that means .  think about what that means .
so ,  donald trump has vowed to be a dictator on day one if reelected . 
he said he will weaponize ,  essentially ,  the department of justice against his political enemies . 
and even called for the ,  quote ,   " termination "  of the constitution of the united states . 
let us be very clear :  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again stand behind the seal of president of the united states .   never again . 
that ' s right .  that ' s right .  that ' s right .
we know what we stand for as americans .  and ,  you know ,  it all comes down to this .  we are here together because we love our country .   we love our country .  and i do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country . 
that is how we preserve the promise of america .  and think about it ,  after all ,  the promise of america is what makes it possible for tim walz and me to be together on this stage today .   think about that .  think about that .  think about it .
two middle - class kids .  one a daughter of oakland ,  california  -  -    -  -  who was raised by a working mother .  i had a summer job at mcdonald ' s .   the other ,  a son of the nebraska plains ,  who grew up working on a farm .   think about it .  think about it .  only in america is it possible that the two of them would be running together all the way to the white house .   only in america .
only in america .
so ,  look  -  - 
and i love you back .   i love you back .
so ,  look ,  we are  -  -  together ,  we are running this campaign on behalf of all americans  -  -    -  -  from red states to blue states ,  from the heartland to the coast .  and when elected ,  we will govern on behalf of all americans .   all americans .
so ,  nevada ,  ultimately ,  in this election ,  i believe we each face a question :  what kind of country do we want to live in ?  a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ? 
or a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law ? 
and the beauty  -  -  and the beauty of our democracy  -  -  here ' s the thing .  the beauty of our democracy is we each  -  -  each person has the power  -  -  each person has the power to answer that question .   the power is with the people .  the power is with the people .   it ' s with the people .
and so ,  in the next <NUM> days ,  we need you to use your power  -  -    -  -    -  -  to knock on doors ,  register folks to vote ,  and make your voices heard . 
so ,  nevada ,  today ,  i ask you :  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win !
god bless you .  god bless the united states of america . 
good evening ,  detroit !   good evening . 
we got this .  we ' re going to do this .  we are doing this .  we are doing this . 
thank you ,  thank you .   thank you ,  thank you ,  thank you . 
thank you . 
okay ,  come on .  we ' ve got thi -   -  -  we ' ve got business to handle .  we ' ve got business to handle . 
good evening ,  everybody .   good evening ,  good evening ,  good evening .
can we hear it up for tim walz ?   isn ' t he amazing ?  he ' s going to be the most incredible vice president . 
all right .  so ,  it is good to be back and to be with so many incredible leaders .  i love you . 
governor gretchen whitmer ,  thank you for your  -  -    -  -  thank you for your friendship ,  your sisterhood ,  and your leadership .  and we are going to do this together . 
lieutenant governor garlin gilchrist ,  thank you so much .   his parents are over there .
and the members of congress ,  including senator debbie stabenow ,  my dear friend . 
and your next united states senator ,  representative elissa slotkin .   we ' re going to get that done .
mayor mike duggan ,  thank you for the warm welcome always .
and ,  of course ,  it is so good to be with the president of the united auto workers ,  my dear friend ,  shawn fain . 
and last year  -  -  last week ,  it was my honor  -  -  it feels like last year  -  -    -  -  last week ,  it was my great honor to accept the endorsement of the united auto workers . 
and the uaw has always worked to lift up the working people of our nation .
do we need some help over there ?  i need  -  -  we need a medic over there ,  please .  there should be medics in each corner .
we ' re good ?  okay .  all right .  look ,  let ' s all take care of each other and look f -   -  -  look out for each other ,  all right ?   that ' s who we are .  we look out for each other .
okay .  so ,  as i said to shawn  -  -    -  -  as i talked to shawn about this ,  this election is going to be a fight .  we like a good fight . 
when you know what you stand for ,  you know what to fight for .  we know what we stand for . 
so ,  i ' m so proud to have uaw by my side ,  because you all know how to fight and you know how to win . 
today ,  i also bring greetings from our incredible president ,  joe biden . 
that ' s right .  joe .
that ' s right . 
and i know we are all deeply ,  deeply grateful to joe for his lifetime of service to our nation .  and we thank you ,  joe biden ,  each and every day for all you are and all you still have yet to do . 
thank you ,  joe . 
that ' s right .  i ' m going to tell him what you said . 
so ,  michigan ,  this has been a big week .   on monday ,  i officially became the democratic nominee for president of the united states .   and yesterday ,  i announced my running mate in this campaign ,  governor tim walz . 
and as you just heard ,  he has an incredible record as governor of the great state of minnesota .  and to those who know him best  -  -  some people are just getting to know him ,  but i ' m going to tell you ,  you got to know him real quick ,  because he ' s incredible .  he ' s a serious ,  serious man .  he has been a serious leader ,  and he loves our country .
and ,  you know ,  i ' ve talked to some of the people who know him best ,  like his wife ,  gwen .  and to gwen ,  tim walz is husband .  to his kids ,  hope and gus ,  he is dad .  to his fellow veterans ,  he is sergeant major walz .   to the people of southern minnesota ,  for <NUM> years ,  he was a congressman .   to his former high school students ,  he is mr .  walz .   and to his former high school football players ,  he was coach . 
and in <NUM> days ,  the nation will know coach walz by the title  " vice president of the united states .  "   that ' s right .
so ,  it is so good to be back in michigan .  and listen ,  i am clear :  the path to the white house runs right through this state .   and with your help ,  we will win in november .  we will win . 
and i know we are all clear about what we are up against .
as many of you know ,  before i was elected vice president ,  before i was elected as a united states senator ,  i was elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  elected district attorney  -  -  and ,  before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds :  predators who abused women ,  fraudsters who ripped off consumers ,  scammers who broke the rules for personal gain .
so ,  hear me detroit when i say :  i know donald trump ' s type .   i ' ve been dealing with them my whole career .
for example ,  as attorney general of california ,  i took on one of the country ' s largest for - profit colleges that scammed students .  well ,  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students .  you remember that ? 
as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in cases of sexual abuse .  well ,  donald trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse . 
as attorney general ,  i held the big wall street banks accountable for fraud .  well ,  donald trump was just found guilty of fraud  -  -  <NUM> counts ,  to be exact . 
hold on ,  hold on ,  hold on .  you know what ?  here  -  -  hold on .  here ' s the thing .  the courts are going to handle that .  we ' re going to beat them in november .   we ' re going to beat him in november ,  okay ?  we ' ll beat him in november .  we ' ll handle that .
but all that to say ,  in this campaign ,  i proudly put my record against his any day of the week  -  -    -  -  any day of the week .
but make no mistake ,  our campaign  -  -  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  it ' s bigger than that .  it is about two very different visions for the future of our nation  -  -  one ,  ours ,  focused on the future and the other focused on the past .
and ,  michigan ,  we  -  -  we here fight for the future .   we fight for the future .  we fight for a future where every worker has the freedom to join a union  -  -   ;  where every senior can retire with dignity  -  -   ;  a future with affordable housing ,  affordable childcare ,  affordable health care ,  and paid leave  -  -   ;  a future where we build a broad - based economy where every american has an opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  and to build wealth . 
and understand ,  in this fight ,  we are joyful warriors  -  -    -  -  because while fighting for a brighter future may take hard work ,  we all here know hard work is good work .   hard work is good work .
we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families so they have a chance not just to get by but to get ahead .   because ,  look ,  while our economy is doing well by many measures ,  prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high .  you know it ,  and i know it .
when i was attorney general ,  i went after price - fixing schemes .  and when i am president ,  it will be my day one priority to fight to bring down prices  -  -   ;  to take on the big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging  -  -   ;  take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families  -  -   ;  to take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans .   that is the work we will do together .
and all of this to say ,  unlike donald trump ,  i will always put the middle class and working families first  -  -    -  -  because coach walz and i know the middle class built this great country of ours ,  and when the middle class is strong ,  america is strong . 
and ,  look ,  as we move our nation forward ,  donald trump intends to take our nation backward .  just look at his project <NUM> agenda  -  -  project <NUM> . 
and please do check out project <NUM> ,  because i ' m telling you ,  it is a plan  -  -  it is a plan to weaken america ' s middle class .  project <NUM> ,  if he is elected  -  - 
it ' s all good .  it ' s all good .  i ' m here because we believe in democracy .  everyone ' s voice matters .  but i am speaking now .   i am speaking now .
so ,  project <NUM>  -  -  look ,  if he is elected ,  donald trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations .  he intends to cut social security and medicare .  he intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis .  and he intends to end the affordable care act .
you know what ?  if you want donald trump to win ,  then say that .  otherwise ,  i ' m speaking . 
we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back . 
and we ' re not going back because we know what that would look like .  and ,  again ,  understand :  donald trump intends to end the affordable care act and take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .
we all remember what that looked like ,  and we ' re not going back .   we ' re not going back .  our fight is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom . 
across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on attack on hard - fought ,  hard - won fundamental freedoms and rights ,  and we will not stand for it .   attacks on the freedom to vote ,  attacks on the freedom to be safe from gun violence ,  the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water ,  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  -  -    -  -  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government tell her what to do . 
generations  -  -  generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  now the baton is in our hands ,  each and every one of us .   so ,  we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act . 
we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass an assault weapons ban ,  universal background checks ,  and red flag laws .   we who believe in the freedom to organize will pass the pro act and put an end to union - busting once and for all . 
and we who believe in reproductive freedom will fight for a woman ' s right to choose  -  -    -  -  remembering what donald trump did to pick three members of the united states supreme court with the intention that they would take away this freedom ,  and they did as he intended . 
we who are paying attention to the fact that now over <NUM> states in our country have a trump abortion ban ,  many with no exceptions even for rape and incest .  and we all know ,  if he wins ,  he would sign a national abortion ban to outlaw abortion in every state ,  and that would include the great state of michigan .   but we ' re not going back . 
and on that point ,  it is because there is a thing about who we are that is a bit different from the folks on the other side .  we trust women to know what is in their best interests  -  -    -  -  and not have their government telling them what to do .
and when i am president of the united states and congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedoms ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  michigan ,  here ' s the thing .  so much  -  -  so much  -  -  so much is on the line in this election .   and we got to remember ,  you know ,  we  -  -  we knew  -  -  we knew who he is and what he was about in  ' <NUM> and in  ' <NUM> .  but there ' s also something else that has happened recently that we really have to prioritize in our mind about the danger we ' re looking at .
last month ,  the united states supreme court basically just told the former president ,  who has been convicted of fraud ,  that going forward ,  he will be immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
but think about that .  think about that .  think about what that means .  think about what that means .  the man has openly vowed ,  if reelected ,  that he will be a dictator on day one . 
think about what that means when he said that he will even ,  quote ,   " terminate "  the constitution of the united states . 
vote .  vote . 
vote .  that ' s right .  so ,  here ' s the thing .  to your point ,  when it comes down to all of the things that are important about this ,  i think the most important thing  -  -
i love you back . 
and  -  -  listen ,  one of the things that i know brings us all out today and always is we love our country .   we love our country .  we love our country .
and i do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country .  that is how we preserve the promise of america .
after all ,  the promise of america  -  -  think about it  -  -  is what makes it possible for tim walz and me to be together on this stage today .   think about it .  think about that .  two middle class kids .  one a daughter of oakland ,  california  -  -    -  -  who was raised by a working mother  -  -  i had a summer job at mcdonald ' s .  the other ,  a son of the nebraska plains who grew up working on a farm .
only in america is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the white house .   only in america .  only in america .
so ,  we are running this campaign on behalf of all americans  -  -  from red states to blue states ,  from the heartland to the coasts .  and when elected ,  i promise you ,  we will govern on behalf of all americans .   i promise that .
so ,  i ' ll close with this .  michigan ,  ultimately ,  in this election ,  we each face a question .  we each face a question .  what kind of country do we want to live in ?  a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law or a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ? 
and the beauty of our democracy  -  -  the beauty of our democracy :  we each have the power to answer that question .  we each have the power to answer that question .   the power is with the people . 
so ,  in the next <NUM> days ,  we need you to use your power .   we need you to knock on some doors .   we need you to register folks to vote .   we need you to organize and energize and mobilize  -  -    -  -  and make your voices heard .
so ,  michigan ,  i ask you ,  are you ready to make your voices heard ?   do we believe in freedom ?   do we believe in opportunity ?   do we believe in the promise of america ?   and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win . 
god bless you .  and god bless the united states . 
thank you .   good afternoon .  good afternoon .  good afternoon ,  church . 
please have a seat .  good afternoon . 
thank you ,  thank you ,  thank you .  thank you ,  thank you .
and let me thank chaplain black for your words and the time that we have prayed together when i was in the united states senate .  i thank you ,  chaplain .
and pastor michael a .  pender sr .  ,  thank you for the warm welcome this afternoon . 
and to the members of the lee family ,  president bill clinton ,  secretary hillary clinton ,  the members of congress ,  and the elected officials ,  and all our distinguished guests ,  it is an honor  -  -  a true honor  -  -  true honor  -  -  to be with you this afternoon to remember and to celebrate the extraordinary life of congresswoman sheila jackson lee . 
so ,  sheila jackson lee would want that we are focused on her right now .   but i thank you .
sheila jackson lee  -  -  to know her was to know a true champion  -  -  a fierce champion for justice .  sheila jackson lee was a woman of deep faith and deep compassion .  she was a proud member of our beloved alpha kappa alpha sorority ,  incorporated .   and she was a dear ,  dear friend to my husband doug and me .
over her career ,  as we all know ,  sheila had many titles  -  -  judge ,  councilmember ,  congresswoman .  and yet ,  perhaps the titles she cherished the most were wife to elwyn ,  mother to jason and erica ,  and  " bebe "  to ellison and roy .
and so ,  to the entire lee family ,  doug and my prayers are with you .
it is not easy to lose a member of one ' s family who holds such an extraordinary place .  sheila was just a presence .  she was a presence .
and it is not easy  -  -  and i say to the family  -  -  when a loved one lives a life of public service ,  and so especially someone like sheila jackson lee .  and i want to thank the family on behalf of the people of our nation for your sacrifices and the work that you did to support her over these many ,  many years that allowed her to give so much to our country . 
so ,  the bible teaches us ,   " whatever you do ,  work at it with all your heart ,  as if you were working for the lord .  " 
in everything she did ,  sheila jackson lee worked with all her heart .
as a member of the united states senate and the congressional black caucus ,  i had the honor to work directly with sheila on many issues over the years and to observe firsthand her leadership .  and she truly was a force of nature .
when it came to her constituents ,  there was no task too big or too small for the congresswoman .  if it needed to be done ,  she made sure it was done and done right .
when it came to crafting policy ,  there was no detail too minor or point of order too obscure .  if it needed to be understood ,  the congresswoman make sure  -  -  would make sure everyone understood it and understood it well and used it to the benefit of the people she served .
to know her was to marvel at her mastery of the legislative process .  we were talking about it backstage  -  -  sheila jackson lee was one of the smartest and most strategic legislators in washington ,  d . c .   and ,  i will say  -  -  and we all who have worked with her and had the blessing of work with her know  -  -  she was also one of the most unrelenting . 
as those of us who were her colleagues can attest ,  there was never a trite or trivial conversation with sheila jackson lee . 
now ,  there were times ,  i will admit ,  if i saw her walking down the hall  -  -    -  -  i would almost want to hide .   because i knew whatever else may be on my mind ,  sheila jackson lee would require a very serious and specific conversation with you about what she had on her mind .   and then ,  she would tell you exactly what she needed you to do to help her get it done . 
and sheila jackson lee  -  -    -  -  that was her character  -  -  she never lost an opportunity to fight for the people she served .  and her fight  -  -  her fight was borne out of love .  she had a big ,  big heart .
very few people have loved the people of houston more than sheila jackson lee .   in the community ,  she was ubiquitous and omnipresent .  whether it was the funerals and memorial services or the birthday parties or block parties ,  she celebrated with the people ,  she mourned with the people ,  she stood with the people always .
and you may not know ,  but sheila and doug ,  my husband ,  struck up a fast friendship in recent years .  and they did a number of events together ,  including with the jewish community here in houston ,  because sheila ,  of course ,  was also a coalition builder .  and she fought for everybody ,  knowing that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us .   yes ,  she did .
and as folks in this city can attest ,  if you were having trouble getting your va benefits or your social security ,  or if a family member had an issue with their visa ,  you called the congresswoman ,  even if you did not live in her district . 
in fact ,  i suspect she gave nearly every person here her cell phone number at one time or another .   and when you called ,  sheila jackson lee would always find a way to help ,  even if she needed to get a little creative .
as some of you may remember ,  a number of years ago ,  the city of houston faced a budget shortfall and ,  to save money ,  decided to close a number of public pools in the middle of an historic heat wave .
well ,  sheila jackson lee wasn ' t having that .  and so ,  she called around ,  as the story goes ,  to business leaders across houston and convinced them to donate more than  $ <NUM> , <NUM> ,  and those pools then stayed open all summer long . 
the congresswoman was a leader for houston ,  and she was a national leader .  she was a national leader .  she touched the lives of people all over our country .
as a champion for women ' s rights ,  she helped reauthorize the violence against women act .
as a fighter for lgbtq rights ,  her support helped repeal  " don ' t ask ,  don ' t tell .  "
as a lifelong advocate for our nation ' s children ,  she founded the congressional children ' s caucus .
and as a leader who believed deeply that america ' s true and full history must be acknowledged and honored ,  it was sheila jackson lee whose bill made juneteenth a federal holiday  -  -    -  -  which ,  as a united states senator ,  i was proud to cosponsor .
and then ,  as pres -   -  -  as vice president ,  it was my honor  -  -  with the president  -  -    -  -  with the president ,  it was my honor  -  -  it was my honor with the  -  -  with our president ,  joe biden ,  to stand beside congresswoman sheila jackson lee as our president signed her bill into law .
so ,  i ' ll say this .  the late ,  great barbara jordan ,  a mentor of sheila ' s ,  who also ,  of course ,  represented the <NUM>th district  -  -    -  -  once said ,  and i ' ll quote ,   " it is a privilege to serve the people ,  a privilege that must be earned .  and once earned ,  there is an obligation to do something good with it .  "
sheila jackson lee understood the privilege and obligation and nobility of public service .  and through her service ,  she did untold good .
you know ,  a few days before she passed ,  i called her .  and i expressed my sincere and deep gratitude for all she had done .  and i told her she had such an impact on me and my life .
you know ,  to know sheila is to know how she could be tough ,  but ,  o h ,  my goodness ,  she was so loving and so encouraging .  and she always encouraged me .  and so ,  i called to thank her for that .  i called to thank her for the impact she has had on so many people .
i know all of us ,  and in particular all of us who have worked with her in washington ,  have stories to tell .  she was a force ,  but she never allowed anything to be mediocre .  she always expected in all of us that we would rise to a point of excellence ,  knowing life was too short and there is too much to be done . 
and so ,  i expressed to her my personal gratitude for her long - standing friendship and inspiration .  and i thanked her for her courage and her conviction and her relentless focus on those who are too often left out and left behind and her unwavering belief in the power that we each have to change our country for the better .
so ,  i will end with this .  sheila jackson lee was the first elected  -  -  first elected to the united states congress <NUM> years ago this year .  she was first elected <NUM> years ago this year .
hours after her swearing in ,  she stepped onto the house floor and she addressed the american people .  so ,  new members of congress have that moment where after they are elected ,  they will speak in the chamber to give a statement about what they intend to do with their time in congress .
and sheila ' s words were simple but very concise .  she said ,   " as members of congress ,  we are here to make change .  "
sheila jackson lee was a changemaker .  she worked with all her heart to lift up the people of her city ,  of her state ,  and of our nation .
and to honor her memory ,  let us continue to fight to realize the promise of america  -  -  a promise of freedom ,  opportunity ,  and justice ,  not just for some but for all . 
and ,  sheila ,  we are going to miss you dearly .  we will carry your spirit with us every day in all the work that we have ahead .
god bless the dear congresswoman ,  sheila jackson lee .  and god bless the united states of america .
thank you all .  thank you . 
good evening ,  arizona !   good evening .  oh ,  my goodness .  good evening .   we ' re going to do this .  good evening .  good  -  -    -  -  thank you all .  thank you .
can we hear it for tim walz ?   oh ,  my goodness .  oh ,  it ' s good to be back in arizona .  good evening ,  everyone . 
oh ,  my goodness .  thank you all so very much .  oh ,  it is good to be back .
let me just say  -  -  let me  -  -  let me just start by thanking everyone who is here .  thank you all so very much .   all of us ,  we ' re going to do this .  we ' re going to do this .  we are going to do this .   yes ,  we are .
and i want to thank all of the incredible leaders who are here ,  including congressman greg stanton  -  -   ;  your next united states senator ,  congressman ruben gallego  -  -   ;  and my dear friend ,  united states senator mark kelly . 
and let me just say ,  as arizona knows ,  mark is an extraordinary leader who has dedicated his life to the service of our nation as a fighter pilot ,  as an astronaut ,  and as a member of the united states congress .  and he has given so much to our country .  he always fights for the people of arizona .  and i am so grateful ,  mark ,  for your friendship and your leadership . 
and ,  of course ,  the  -  -  a phenomenal congresswoman ,  gabby giffords . 
there are also an incredible group of mayors with us today ,  mayor kate gallego  -  -   ;  mayor corey woods  -  -   ;  and arizona co - chair of republicans for harris ,  mayor john giles . 
so ,  today ,  i also bring greetings from our incredible president ,  joe biden . 
and i know we are all deeply grateful for his lifetime of service to our nation .  and we thank joe biden each and every day  -  -    -  -  for all he is and all he has done and all he has yet to do .  let us thank him always . 
so ,  arizona ,  this has been a big week . 
on monday ,  i officially became the democratic nominee for president of the united states . 
and on tuesday ,  i announced my running mate in this campaign ,  governor tim walz . 
and as you all just heard ,  tim has a great record as governor of the great state of minnesota .  and to those who know him best ,  tim goes by a few more titles besides governor .
to his wife ,  gwen  -  - 
so  -  - 
thank you .
so ,  tim  -  -  tim ,  we know him by  -  -  we know him by  " governor ,  "  but you ' ll soon get to know his wife ,  gwen ,  to whom  -  - 
you know what ?  hold on a second .  hold on .  hold on .  hold on ,  everybody .  hold on ,  hold on ,  hold on .
here ' s the thing :  we are all in here together .  i ' m s -   -  -  i ' m told ,  an extraordinary number of folks who are here together because we love our country .  we ' re here to fight for our democracy  -  -    -  -  which includes respecting the voices that i think that we are hearing from .
and let me just say this on topic of what i think i ' m hearing over there .  let me just speak to that for a moment ,  and then i ' m going to get back to the business at hand . 
so ,  let me say ,  i have been clear :  now is the time to get a ceasefire deal and get the hostage deal done . 
done .  now is the time .  and the president and i are working around the clock every day to get that ceasefire deal done and bring the hostages home . 
so ,  i respect your voices ,  but we are here to now talk about this race in <NUM> . 
so ,  tim walz  -  -  so ,  let ' s just say this .  besides being governor ,  the thing i ' ve come to learn about tim walz that you have known and may learn more :  he ' s an extraordinary person .
he ' s known by many titles .  to his wife gwen ,  he is husband .  to his kids ,  hope and gus ,  he is dad .  to the people of southern minnesota for <NUM> years ,  he was congressman .  to his former high school students ,  he was mr .  walz .   and to his former high school football players ,  he was coach . 
and in <NUM> days ,  the nation will know coach walz by a new title :  vice president of the united states . 
so ,  it ' s so good to be back in arizona ,  and i thank you all for turning out today .  this is an extraordinary ,  extraordinary thing . 
and ,  arizona ,  i ' ll also this  -  -  say this ,  as exciting as this is ,  we cannot lose sight of a really important fact :  we are definitely running as the underdog .  we are the underdog .  we are out in great numbers ,  but we got a lot of work to do .
and this is going to be hard work ,  but i know we like hard work .  hard work is good work for all of us .  hard work is good work ,  and we will do it with joy . 
and i know we are all clear about what we are up against .  as many of you know ,  before i was elected vice president ,  i was an elected united states senator .   before that  -  -  before that ,  i was an elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  an elected district attorney .   and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
so ,  i took on ,  in these roles ,  perpetrators of all kinds :  predators who abused women  -  - 
-  -  fraudsters who ripped off consumers  -  - 
-  -  scammers who broke the rules for personal gain . 
so ,  arizona ,  hear me when i say :  i know donald trump ' s type .   i do .  in fact ,  i ' ve been dealing with people like him my entire career .
for example ,  as attorney general of california ,  i took on one of our country ' s largest for - profit colleges that scammed students .  well ,  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students . 
as a pres -   -  -  as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in cases of sexual abuse .  well ,  donald trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse . 
as attorney general ,  i held wall street banks accountable for fraud .  well ,  donald trump was just found guilty of fraud  -  -  <NUM> counts . 
so ,  all of this  -  -  yeah ,  the courts will deal with that .  we going to win in november .   we going to win in november .   we ' ll handle that too .
so  -  -  but all of this is to say :  in this campaign ,  i will proudly put my record against his every day of the week .   every day of the week .
but make no mistake ,  that being said ,  our campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  it is about  -  -
and i love you back . 
our campaign  -  -  our campaign is about two different visions for our nation .  one ,  ours ,  focused on the future .  the other ,  focused on the past .  and ,  arizona ,  we  -  -  we fight for the future .   a future with affordable health care ,  affordable child care ,  and paid leave .   a future where we build a broad - based economy where every american has an opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  to build wealth . 
here with us today ,  i know we have a number of native leaders .  and as president ,  i will tell you  -  -    -  -  i will always honor tribal sovereignty and respect tribal self - determination  -  -    -  -  and fight for a future where every native person can realize their aspirations and every native community is a place of opportunity . 
we here  -  -  we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families  -  -    -  -  so that they have the chance not just to get by ,  but to get ahead .   because ,  look ,  while our economy is doing well by many measures ,  prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high .  you know it ,  and i know it .
when i was attorney general ,  i went after price - fixing schemes .  and when i am president ,  i will continue that work to bring down prices .  i will take on  -  -    -  -  i will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging .  i will take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families .   i will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans . 
and all of this is to say ,  unlike donald trump ,  i will always put the middle class and working families first . 
because you see ,  coach walz and i know the middle class built the united states of america .   and when the middle class is strong ,  america is strong . 
and while we work to move our nation forward ,  look ,  donald trump ,  be very clear ,  intends to move us backward . 
just look  -  -  and we ' re not going back . 
and we ' re not going back .  we are not going back .  we ' re going back .  no .
but just look  -  -  look  -  -  look at his  -  -  you know ,  tim talked about it .  look at his project <NUM> agenda . 
it ' s <NUM> - plus pages .  i can ' t believe they put that thing in writing ,  by the way .   but when you look at it ,  when you read it ,  you will see project <NUM> is a plan to weaken the middle class .  if he is elected ,  donald trump intends to give a tax break to billionaires and big corporations . 
he intends to cut social security and medicare . 
he intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis . 
and ,  arizona ,  every day you feel the impact of extreme heat and drought .  you know this crisis is real .  he calls it a hoax . 
and on top of all of this ,  if donald trump wins in november ,  he intends  -  -  he intends to end the affordable care act  -  - 
-  -  and take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .  you remember what that was ? 
remember what that was ? 
he won ' t win .  you ' re right .   he won ' t win . 
we will win .  we will win . 
and  -  -  and part of why we are going to win is because we remember and we are smart and we know what ' s happening and we ' re not falling for the gaslighting and we ' re not falling for the okey - doke .   that ' s why .
so ,  look ,  america has tried so many of those failed policies before ,  and ,  like we all know ,  we ' re not going back .   we  -  -  we will move forward and take on the biggest issues facing our nation .
for example ,  the issue of immigration .  so ,  i was attorney general of a border state .  i went after the transnational gangs ,  the drug cartels ,  and human traffickers .   i prosecuted them in case after case ,  and i won .   so i know what i ' m talking about .
we know our immigration system is broken ,  and we know what it takes to fix it :  comprehensive reform that includes strong border security and an earned pathway to citizenship . 
but donald trump does not want to fix this problem .  be clear about that .  he has no interest or desire to actually fix the problem .  he talks a big game about border security ,  but he does not walk the walk .
earlier this year  -  -  everybody here knows ,  earlier this year ,  we had a chance to pass the toughest bipartisan border security bill in decades ,  but donald trump tanked the deal  -  - 
-  -  because he thought by doing that it would help him win an election . 
but when i am president ,  i will sign the bill . 
so ,  arizona ,  ours is a fight for the future ,  and it is a fight for freedom . 
across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault against hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights :  the freedom to vote ;  the freedom to be safe from gun violence  -  -   ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  -  -   ;  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do . 
and on that last point ,  understand how we got here .  when he was president ,  donald trump handpicked three members of the united states supreme court  -  - 
-  -  with the intention that they would overturn and undo the protections of roe v .  wade .  and as he intended ,  they did .  and now ,  in over <NUM> states in our nation ,  there is a trump abortion ban . 
many ,  like arizona ,  with no exceptions even for rape or incest . 
and just yesterday in a press conference ,  we got a fresh reminder of what donald trump ' s project <NUM> agenda would do .  it would ban medication abortion in every state . 
but we are not going to let that happen  -  - 
-  -  because we trust women . 
and when i am president of the united states and when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedoms for every woman in america ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  listen ,  here ' s the thing that we all know  -  -  here ' s the thing we all know :  generations  -  -  generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  now ,  the baton is in our hands  -  -    -  -  each and every one of us .  so ,  we who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act . 
and we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass an assault weapons ban ,  universal background checks ,  and red flag laws . 
so much is on the line in this election .  and understand ,  this is not <NUM> and this is not <NUM> .  you know ,  this time around ,  the stakes are even higher .  and that ' s because last month ,  the united states supreme court basically just told the former president ,  who has been convicted of fraud ,  that going forward ,  he was  -  -  he will be effectively immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
but  -  -  but think about what that means .  think about what that means in this election .  think about what that means .  he ' s been effectively told he will be immune if he ' s back in the white house .  think about what that means when you remember donald trump has openly vowed ,  if reelected ,  he will be a dictator on day one  -  - 
-  -  that he will weaponize the department of justice against his political enemies . 
remember that he even called for th , e quote ,   " termination "  of the constitution of the united states . 
understand what this means .
and let us be very clear :  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again stand behind the seal of the united states president .   never again .  never again .
so ,  arizona ,  it all comes down to this .  we are here because we love our country .   we love our country . 
that ' s right .  that ' s right .  we love our country .  and i do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country .  that ' s  -  -  that ' s how we preserve the promise of america .
and after all ,  the promise of america is what makes it possible for governor walz and me to be on the same stage together .
because think :  two middle class kids .  one ,  a daughter of oakland ,  california  -  -    -  -  who was raised by a working mother ,  had a summer job at mcdonald ' s .   the other ,  a son of nebraska plains ,  who grew up working on a farm .  think about it .  only in america is it possible for them together to make it all the way to the white house .   only in america .  only in america .
so ,  we ,  together ,  all of us  -  -  we ' re running this campaign on behalf of all americans ,  from red states to blue states ,  from the heartland to the coast .  and when we are elected ,  we will govern on behalf of all americans .   all americans .
so ,  arizona ,  ultimately ,  in this election ,  i do believe we each  -  -  each one of us ,  we face a question .  that question being :  what kind of country do we want to live in ?  do we want to live in a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate  -  - 
-  -  or a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law ? 
and the beauty  -  -  the beauty of our democracy  -  -  the beauty of our democracy is that we each have the power to answer that question .  each one of us in a democracy has the power to answer that question .  the power is with the people . 
and in the next ,  then ,  <NUM> days ,  we need you to use your power .   we need you to knock on some doors .   we need you to register folks to vote .   we need you to energize ,  to mobilize ,  to organize ,  and to make your voices heard . 
so ,  arizona ,  i ask ,  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win . 
god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america .  god bless you . 
good afternoon ,  wisconsin !   good afternoon .
oh ,  it ' s good to be back .  good afternoon ,  everybody .
can we hear it for tim walz ?   oh ,  i ' m so happy to be running with him ,  let me tell you .
so ,  let me start by thanking les .  your words ,  your leadership ,  your voice ,  it ' s so important ,  les .  thank you for everything you are and everything you do for our country . 
and it is good to be with so many incredible leaders ,  including the most magnificent ,  wonderful governor ,  tony evers .  every time i come to wisconsin ,  tony meets me on the tarmac .  he ' s such an incredible human being . 
i want to thank secretary of state sarah godlewski  -  -   ;  chair of the wisconsin democratic party ,  ben wikler  -  -   ;  and my dear ,  dear friend ,  senator tammy baldwin .   i served with tammy when i was in the united states senate ,  and i ' m going to tell you ,  she was always ,  always ,  always fighting for the people of this state .  and in november ,  we are going to re - elect her to the united states senate . 
and please give it up one more time for wisconsin ' s own bon iver . 
it ' s a good afternoon .  it ' s a good afternoon .
and let me say ,  i also want to just  -  -  i want to bring greetings from our incredible president ,  joe biden .   he loves wisconsin .  he loves wisconsin .  and i know we are all deeply grateful for his lifetime of service to our nation  -  -    -  -  and for all he continues to do . 
that ' s right . 
that ' s great . 
there we go .  that ' s right .  i ' m going to tell him what you said . 
so ,  wisconsin ,  this has been a big week .   on monday ,  i officially became the democratic nominee for president of the united states .   and yesterday ,  i announced my running mate in this campaign ,  governor tim walz . 
and as you just heard  -  -  and the minnesotans here know  -  -  tim has an incredible record as governor of the great state of minnesota . 
and to those who know him best ,  tim is more than a governor .  to his wife ,  gwen ,  he is a husband .  to his kids ,  hope and gus ,  he is dad .  to his fedel -   -  -  fellow veterans ,  he is sergeant major walz .   to the people of southern minnesota ,  for <NUM> years ,  he was a congressman .   to his former high school students ,  he was mr .  walz .   and to his former high school football players ,  he was coach .   coach . 
that ' s right .
and in <NUM> days ,  the nation will know coach walz by a new title :  vice president of the united states of america . 
that ' s right .  oh ,  it really is good to be back in wisconsin . 
so ,  listen ,  let me tell you .  i am clear :  the path to the white house runs right through this state .   and with your help ,  we will win in november .  we are going to win .   we are going to win .
and i ' ve been here many times ,  as you all know ,  recently and even before .  and many of you know ,  then ,  before i was elected vice president ,  before i was elected united states senator ,  i was an elected attorney general and ,  before that ,  an elected district attorney .   and before that  -  -  and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
so ,  in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds :  predators who abused women ,  fraudsters who ripped off consumers ,  scammers who broke the rules for personal gain .  so ,  hear me when i say :  i know donald trump ' s type .   i know his type .
in fact ,  i ' ve been dealing with people like him my whole career .   for example ,  as attorney general of california  -  - 
well ,  hold on .  the cou -   -  -  you know what ,  the courts are going to handle that part of it .   what we ' re going to do is beat him in november . 
so ,  i ' ll tell you ,  as attorney general ,  i took on one of our country ' s largest for - profit colleges that scammed students .  well ,  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students . 
as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in cases of sexual abuse .  well ,  donald trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse . 
as attorney general ,  i held the big wall street banks accountable for fraud .   well ,  donald trump was just found guilty of fraud  -  -  <NUM> counts . 
so ,  in this campaign ,  i ' ll tell you :  i will proudly put my record against his any day of the week  -  -    -  -  any day of the week .
but let ' s make no mistake ,  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  it ' s about two very different visions for our nation  -  -  two very different visions :  one ,  for us ,  focused on the future ;  the other focused on the past .
and ,  wisconsin ,  we  -  -  we here  -  -  we fight for the future .   we fight for a future where every worker has the freedom to join a union  -  -   ;  where  -  - 
union strong . 
we fight for a future where every senior can retire with dignity  -  -   ;  a future where we build a broad - based economy and one where every american has the opportunity to own a home ,  to start a business ,  to build wealth . 
and understand ,  in this fight ,  as tim walz likes to point out ,  we are joyful warriors  -  -    -  -  joyful warriors .  because we know that while fighting for a brighter future may be hard work ,  hard work is good work .  hard work is good work . 
and so ,  we will continue to fight for affordable housing ,  for affordable health care ,  affordable childcare ,  and paid leave .   we believe in a future where we lower the cost of living for america ' s families so that they have a chance not just to get by but to get ahead  -  -    -  -  because while our economy is doing well by many measures ,  prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high .  you know it ,  and i know it .
you know ,  when i was attorney general ,  i went after price - fixing schemes .  and when i am president ,  it will be a day - one priority to fight to bring down prices .   i will take on big corporations that engage in illegal price gouging .  i will take on corporate landlords that unfairly raise rents on working families .  i will take on big pharma and cap the cost of prescription drugs for all americans  -  -    -  -  and continue to bring manufacturing jobs back to america  -  -    -  -  and back to communities like eau claire . 
so ,  all this is to say :  strengthening our economy and building up the middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency .   because ,  you see ,  coach walz and i know when america ' s middle class is strong ,  america is strong .  and as we work to move our nation forward ,  donald trump intends to take our nation backward . 
there is so much evidence of that point .  there really is .  but look at ,  most recently ,  project <NUM> and that agenda . 
project <NUM>  -  -  you know ,  if you have some time to take a look at it ,  i ' m telling you ,  it  -  -  it is a plan to weaken the middle class .  it is a plan to weaken the middle class .
if he is elected ,  donald trump intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations . 
he intends to cut social security and medicare . 
he intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis ,  and he intends to end the affordable care act . 
and because we all remember what it was like before the affordable care act ,  we understand what that means .  that ' s about taking us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with pre - existing conditions .  you remember that  -  - 
-  -  what that was like when  -  -  we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back . 
we are not going back . 
we are not going back .
but in order to know where we need to go ,  let ' s remember the past and what that was like ,  because we cannot forget .
on that point about the aca ,  remember people with pre - existing conditions being denied  -  -  children with asthma ,  breast cancer survivors ,  grandparents with diabetes ?  that was no joke .  and we cannot go back .  ours has to be a fight for the future and a fight for freedom  -  -    -  -  a fight for freedom .
across our nation ,  we have been witnessing a full - on assault against hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights :  the freedom to vote ;  the freedom to be safe from gun violence ;  the freedom to breathe clean air and drink clean water  -  -   ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  -  -   ;  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do . 
and let ' s remember  -  -  let ' s remember the traditions of our great country .  generations of americans before us led in the fight for freedom .  and now ,  then ,  as they would expect ,  the baton is in our hands .  the baton is in our hands ,  each and every one of us .
so ,  we ,  then ,  who believe in the sacred freedom to vote will finally pass the john lewis voting rights act and the freedom to vote act . 
we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will finally pass universal background checks ,  red flag laws ,  and an assault weapons ban . 
we who believe in reproductive freedom will fight for a woman ' s right to choose .   and we remember that when he was president ,  donald trump handpicked three members of the united states supreme court  -  -  the court of thurgood and rbg  -  -  because he intended for them to overturn roe v .  wade .  and as he intended ,  they did . 
and now more than <NUM> states in our country have a trump abortion ban ,  many with no exceptions even for rape and incest . 
and if he wins ,  we all know he will sign a national abortion ban to outlaw abortion in every state ,  even in wisconsin . 
but we are not going to let that happen . 
because we trust women . 
and when i am president of the united states and when congress passes a bill to restore the protections of roe v .  wade ,  i will sign it into law . 
thank you all .
so ,  listen ,  everyone took time out of your busy lives and days and all your obligations to come out here and to be together as one community .   and i know you did it also because we all know ,  listen ,  so much is on the line in this election .  it can ' t be said seriously enough .  so much is on the line .
and compounded with everything else that we knew was on the line ,  think about the fact that last month ,  the united states supreme court basically told the former president ,  who has been convicted of fraud ,  that ,  going forward ,  he will be immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
think about what that means and the changed circumstances since <NUM> - <NUM> - <NUM> when you think about what that court decision means .  donald trump has openly vowed ,  if re - elected ,  he will be a dictator on day one  -  - 
-  -  that he would weaponize the department of justice against his political enemies  -  - 
-  -  that he would round up peaceful protesters and throw them out of our country  -  - 
-  -  and even ,  quote ,  terminate the united states constitution . 
so ,  let us be clear .  let us be clear .  someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again have a chance to stand behind the seal of the president of the united states . 
so ,  basically ,  i think it all comes down to this .  we ' re all here because we love our country .  we love our country .   we love our country .  and i do believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country .
and that ' s how we preserve the promise of america ,  because ,  after all ,  the promise of america is what makes it possible ,  by the way ,  for governor walz and me to stand on this stage today .  just think about it :  two middle - class kids ,  one a daughter of oakland ,  california ,  who was raised by a working mother  -  -    -  -  and had a summer job at mcdonald ' s  -  -   ;  the other ,  a son of the nebraska plains who grew up working on a farm . 
think about that .  only in america is it possible for them together to make it all the way ,  together ,  to the white house .   only in america .  only in america . 
so ,  this is a fight to make real the promise of america for every person in our nation .  and ,  also ,  i ' ll tell you  -  -  and i promise you ,  our campaign is going to reach out to everyone  -  -  from red states ,  from blue states ,  from the heartland to the coast .  we are running a campaign on behalf of all americans .   and when elected ,  we will govern on behalf of all americans . 
because coach walz and i know  -  -  and we ' re clear about this ,  unlike the other side  -  -  we work for you .   we work for you ,  the american people ,  and we will always fight for you  -  -  for your family ,  for your freedoms ,  and for your future .
so ,  wisconsin ,  ultimately ,  this election is about a question that we each face .  we each face a question in this election ,  and that is :  what kind of country do we want to live in ?  do we want to live in a country of freedom ,  of compassion ,  of rule of law  -  - 
-  -  or a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ? 
and the beauty of our democracy is we each have the power  -  -  individually and collectively ,  we each have the power in a democracy to answer that question .  the power is with the people .  the power is with the people . 
so ,  in the next <NUM> days ,  we need you to use your power .   we need you to knock on doors .  we need you to register folks to vote .  we need you to energize and organize and mobilize and make your voices heard . 
and i ' ll tell you ,  about an hour ago ,  after i landed on air force two ,  i  -  -  i met a collection of young leaders from girl scout troop <NUM> .  oh ,  they were spectacular .  oh ,  they were spectacular .  none of them high -   -  -  taller than three feet .  they  -  -    -  -  i mean ,  just they were spectacular .
and one of those young leaders had a shirt on that said ,   " you are powerful ,  and your voice matters .  "   right ?  from the mouths of babes ,  they ' re telling us .  they ' re telling us .
and so ,  let ' s remember that .  let ' s remember our power .  let ' s remember our voice matters .
and with that ,  then ,  i ask :  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win !
god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america . 
good evening .   good evening ,  georgia . 
good evening . 
thank you all .  thank you .   thank you .  thank you . 
my goodness .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .   thank you ,  everyone .  thank you .  thank you . 
my goodness .  thank you all .  thank you very much .  thank you ,  everybody .
oh ,  it ' s good to be back in georgia .   thank you .
everyone ,  can we please hear it for tyler ? 
i want to thank tyler for that incredible introduction .  i invited him and several other young entrepreneurs to come and visit with me at the white house ,  and we had a ,  really ,  very long and important conversation about the future of america .  and ,  tyler ,  you represent the best of our future .  thank you for that .   thank you .  thank you .
and please give it up for quavo  —    —  and megan . 
so ,  it is so good to see everyone .  and let me  —  let me also thank our incredible members of congress who are with us this evening :  senator jon ossoff  —   ;  senator raphael warnock  —   ;  and representative nikema williams  —   .
to mayor andre dickens ,  thank you for welcoming me back  —    —  to atlanta .
and thank you to the great stacey abrams  —    —  for your extraordinary leadership .
so ,  georgia ,  it is so good to be back .  and i am very clear ,  the path to the white house runs right through this state .   and you all helped us win in <NUM> ,  and we going to do it again in <NUM> .   yes ,  we will .  yes ,  we will . 
so ,  let ' s get right down  —    —  so  —    —  so ,  i ' m going to get i -   —  i ' m  —  i ' m going to get into some business now .  okay ?   i ' m going to get into some business now .  all right .
so ,  georgia ,  as many of you know ,  before  —  and have a seat ,  if you have a chair . 
as many of you know ,  before i was elected vice president and before i was elected a united states senator ,  i was an elected attorney general and an elected district attorney .   and before that ,  i was a courtroom prosecutor . 
so ,  in those roles ,  i took on perpetrators of all kinds  —   :  predators who abused women  —   ;  fraudsters who ripped off consumers  —   ;  cheaters who broke the rules for their own gain  —   .  so ,  hear me when i say i know donald trump ' s type .   i know the type .  and i have been dealing with people like him my entire career .
for example ,  as attorney general of california ,  i took on one of our country ' s largest for - profit colleges that was scamming students .  well ,  donald trump ran a for - profit college that scammed students . 
as a prosecutor ,  i specialized in child sexual abuse cases and sexual abuse cases .  well ,  trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse . 
and as an attorney general ,  i held the big wall street banks accountable for fraud .  donald trump was just found guilty of fraud  —    —  <NUM> counts .
so ,  in this  — 
so ,  in this campaign  — 

so ,  in this campaign ,  i will proudly put my record against his any day of the week  —    —  any day of the week ,  including ,  for example ,  on the issue of immigration .
so ,  i was the attorney general of a border state .  in that job ,  i walked underground tunnels between the united states and mexico on that border with law enforcement officers .  i went after transnational gangs ,  drug cartels ,  and human traffickers that came into our country illegally .  i prosecuted them in case after case ,  and i won .
donald trump  —    —  donald trump ,  on the other hand ,  has been talking a big game about securing our border ,  but he does not walk the walk  —    —  or as my friend quavo would say ,  he does not walk it like he talks it . 
where ' s quavo ? 
so ,  look ,  our administration worked on the most significant border security bill in decades .  some of the most conservative republicans in washington ,  d . c .  ,  supported the bill .  even the border patrol endorsed it .  it was all set to pass .  but at the last minute ,  trump directed his allies in the senate to vote it down . 
right .
he tanked  —  tanked the bipartisan deal because he thought it would help him win an election  — 
—  which goes to show donald trump does not care about border security ;  he only cares about himself . 
and when i am president ,  i will work to actually solve the problem . 
so ,  here is my pledge to you .  as president ,  i will bring back the border security bill that donald trump killed ,  and i will sign it into law  —    —  and show donald trump what real leadership looks like . 
but make no mistake ,  this campaign is not just about us versus donald trump .  truly ,  this campaign is about two very different visions for our nation  —   :  one focused on the future ,  the other focused on the past . 
we believe in a future where every person has the opportunity to build a business  —    —  to own a home ,  to build intergenerational wealth  —   ;  a future with affordable health care  —    —  affordable childcare ,  paid leave . 
and all of this is to say :  building up the middle class will be a defining goal of my presidency .   because we here all know ,  when our middle class is strong ,  america is strong . 
and to keep our middle class strong ,  families need relief from the high cost of living so that they have a chance not just to get by but to get ahead . 
and ,  yes ,  it is true that by many indicators ,  our economy is the strongest in the world  —    —  but while inflation is down and wages are up ,  prices are still too high .   you know it ,  and i know it . 
and when we win this election ,  here ' s what we ' re going to do about it .
on day one ,  i will take on price gouging and bring down costs . 
we will ban more of those hidden fees and surprise late charges that banks and other companies use to pad their profits . 
we will take on corporate landlords and cap unfair rent increases . 
and we will take on big pharma to cap prescription drug costs for all americans . 
our plan will lower costs and save many middle - class families thousands of dollars a year .  but donald trump has a different plan in mind ,  one that would raise prices on middle - class families .  just look at his project <NUM> agenda . 
i take it you ' ve seen it . 
project <NUM> is a plan to weaken the middle class ,  be clear .  and donald trump intends to cut social security and medicare . 
he intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations . 
he intends to gut our investments in clean energy jobs . 
he intends to end the affordable care act  — 
—  to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .  do you guys remember what that was ?  children with asthma .  breast cancer survivors .  grandparents with diabetes .
georgia ,  america has tried these failed policies before ,  and we are not  — 
—  going back .   we ' re not going back .  we ' re not going back . 
that ' s right . 
and we are not going back because ours is a fight for the future and it is a fight for freedom . 
across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault on hard - fought ,  hard - won freedoms and rights :  the freedom to vote  —   ;  the freedom to be safe from gun violence  —   ;  the freedom to live without fear of bigotry and hate  —   ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride  —   ;  the freedom to learn and acknowledge our true and full history  —   ;  and the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body  —    —  and not have her government tell her what to do . 
ours is a fight for the future and for freedom .  and i don ' t have to tell folks in atlanta that generations of americans before us led the fight for freedom .  and now the baton is in our hands  —    —  each and every one of us .
and we love our country .  we love our country .  and i believe it is the highest form of patriotism to fight for the ideals of our country . 
and so ,  we ,  who believe in the sacred freedom to vote ,  will finally pass the freedom to vote act and the john lewis voting rights advancement act . 
we ,  who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence ,  will finally pass universal background checks  —   ,  red flag laws  —   ,  and an assault weapons ban  —   .
we ,  who believe in reproductive freedom  —    —  will stop donald trump ' s extreme abortion bans .  and when congress passes a law to restore reproductive freedoms  —    —  as president of the united states ,  i will sign it into law . 
so ,  november <NUM>th  —  november <NUM>th is in <NUM> days . 
an -   — 
so ,  in <NUM> days  —  and let ' s level set .  friends ,  let ' s level set .  we have a fight in front of us .   we have a fight in front of us ,  and we are the underdogs in this race .  we are .
but you see ,  this is a people - powered campaign .   ours is a people - powered campaign .
in fact ,  after i announced my candidacy ,  we saw the best week of grassroots fundraising in presidential campaign history .   and if you go to kamalaharris . com ,  you can help us build on that success . 
so ,  the momentum in this race is shifting .  and there are signs that donald trump is feeling it .   you may have noticed .
so ,  last week ,  you may have seen ,  he pulled out of the debate in september he had previously agreed to . 
so  —  so ,  here ' s the thing .  here -   —  here ' s the funny thing about that .  here ' s the funny thing about that .  so ,  he won ' t debate ,  but he and his running mate sure seem to have a lot to say about me . 
and ,  by the way ,  don ' t you find some of their stuff to just be plain weird ? 
well ,  donald  —    —  i do hope you ' ll reconsider to meet me on the debate stage  —    —  because ,  as the saying goes ,  if you ' ve got something to say ,  say it to my face . 
thank you .  thank you .  thank you .
so ,  georgia ,  in the next <NUM> days ,  we have our work cut out for us .  and this is not going to be easy .  this is hard work ,  but we like hard work .  hard work is good work . 
so ,  georgia ,  today i ask you :  are you ready to get to work ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  — 
—  we win !
god bless you .  god bless the united states of america . 
ohh .  good evening ,  georgia !  good evening .  can we give it up for tyler ? 
hey ,  everybody . 
oh ,  thank you . 
thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  all right .  we got some work to do .  all right .  thank you .  it is so good to be back in atlanta .  thank you all .  oh ,  my goodness .  it is so good to be back .  and i want to thank all of the incredible leaders who are here .  i want to thank everyone for being here when there are so many things that you have to do with your time ,  and to taking the time to be here and for us to be here as community ,  building coalition ,  being together means the world .
this is what our campaign is about .  our campaign is about the people .  our campaign is about the people .  and i want to thank senator ossoff ,  who is here  -  -   ;  atlanta ' s own ,  representative nikema williams  -  -   .  and the many members of the congressional black caucus who are here today ,  i thank you .  mayor dickens ,  thank you .
every time i come ,  you meet me on the tarmac .  my pastor ,  who is here ,  reverend dr .  amos c .  brown ,  of third baptist church in san francisco ,  i thank you .  and ,  of course ,  ursher  -  -    -  -  usher .   i got you .   and so ,  i thank you all ,  everybody ,  for taking the time to be here together .
and before  -  - 
thank you .  thank you all .  okay .  so ,  before i continue ,  let me just say ,  on a serious note ,  there are people here in georgia still dealing with the devastation from hurricane helene ,  and i am grateful to all the federal ,  state ,  and local personnel who have been working around the clock to help those who are impacted .
as we know ,  this recovery will take time ,  and we will stand with georgia and everyone across the southeast who are impacted by these recent storms for as long as it takes to rebuild .  thank you .  all right .  so ,  atlanta ,  we have <NUM> days left  -  -  <NUM> days left in one of the most consequential elections of our lifetime .
and ,  look ,  let ' s have some real talk .  it ' s going to be a tight race until the very end .  and we are the underdog ,  and we are running as the underdog .  but make no mistake ,  we will win .  we will win .  yes ,  we will .  we will win .  yes ,  we will . 
you got the old school !  and we will win  -  -  and we will win because we understand what is at stake .  this election is about two very different visions for our nation :  one ,  donald trump ' s ,  who is focused on the past  -  - 
-  -  and ours that is focused on the future .  ours that is focused on bringing down the cost of living ,  investing in small businesses and entrepreneurs .  by the way ,  i love our small businesses .  can i see the small business leaders and entrepreneurs who are here ?  i ' m telling you ,  our small businesses are the backbone of america ' s economy .
i thank you all .  and we are here because we are committed to protecting reproductive freedom .  but none of that is what we hear from donald trump .  instead ,  it is just the same old ,  tired playbook over and over again .  he has no plan for how he would address the needs of the american people .  he is only focused on himself .
and now he ' s ducking debates  -  - 
-  -  and canceling interviews because of exhaustion . 
and when he does answer a question or speak at a rally ,  have you noticed he tends to go off script and ramble ?  and generally ,  for the life of him ,  cannot finish a thought .   and he has called it the  " weave .  "   but i think we here would call it nonsense .   so ,  folks ,  for these reasons and more ,  it is time to turn the page .
it ' s time to turn the page .  and america is ready to chart a new way forward .  we are ready .  we are ready for a new and optimistic generation of leadership .  all of you .  all of you .  all of you .  which is why democrats ,  republicans ,  and independents are supporting our campaign .  in fact ,  earlier this week ,  over <NUM> republican leaders from across the country joined me on the campaign trail  -  -  including some who worked in donald trump ' s administration .
and i believe ,  as i travel our country ,  americans really want a president who works for all the american people  -  -  all the american people  -  -  who understands that the vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us .  right ?  folks are exhausted with someone trying to have americans point their fingers at each other .
it ' s ex -   -  -  we ' re exhausted with it .  that ' s why i say it ' s time to turn the page on that .  let ' s turn the page  -  -  and have a president who cares about all the people .  and you all know i ' ve only ever ,  in my career ,  had one client :  the people .  the people .  as a young courtroom prosecutor ,  i stood up for women and children .
as attorney general of california ,  i fought for students and veterans .  as vice president ,  i have stood up for workers and seniors .  and as president ,  i will fight for all the american people .  and together ,  we will build a brighter future for our nation .  together ,  we will build a brighter future that includes what i call an opportunity economy  -  -  so that every american has the opportunity to own a home ,  to build wealth ,  to start a business .
and to build that opportunity economy ,  we ' ve got to bring down the cost of living  -  -  because while inflation is down and wages are up ,  prices are still h -   -  -  too high .  you know it ,  and i know it .  and so ,  i have laid out a comprehensive plan to lower the costs that you pay on everything from prescription medication to groceries ,  and this will be my focus every single day as president of the united states .
i will take on corporate price gouging .  i ' ve done it before ,  and i ' ll do it again .  i will give a middle - class tax cut to <NUM> million americans ,  including  $ <NUM> , <NUM> during the first year of a child ' s life .  and i ' m going to tell you why :  because we all know young parents have a natural desire to parent their children well but not always the resources to do it .  and we ,  as a community ,  need to understand they are the children of the community ,  and it is in our collective best interest to make sure that they have the resources they need during that critical phase of a child ' s development to buy a crib ,  to buy a car seat ,  to buy what that child needs during that critical stage of life .
that ' s the kind of leadership that we believe in in america .  i have a pr -   -  -  a plan to bring down the cost of housing by building more homes and taking on those corporate landlords who are unfairly buying up properties and increasing rental prices .  we know what ' s happening .  my plan will lower the cost of starting a small business ,  including by increasing the tax deduction for entrepreneurs from  $ <NUM> , <NUM> to  $ <NUM> , <NUM>  -  -  knowing that our small - business owners are civic leaders as much as they are business leaders .
they mentor .  they hire locally .  they are part of the cultural fabric of our communities and deserve to be lifted up in every way .  under my opportunity economy ,  i have a plan to lower health costs and health care costs for people as they age so they can grow old with dignity and so their families are not financially crushed by the cost of home care .
because ,  look ,  let me tell you  -  -  you all may know this ;  it ' s a personal story  -  -  i helped take care of my mother when she was sick .  i took care of my mother when she was sick .  and for any of you who is taking care of an elder relative ,  you know that ' s about love and it ' s about care .  it ' s about trying to cook something for them that they feel like eating .
it ' s about trying to help them put on clothes that won ' t irritate their skin ,  help them put on a sweater .  it ' s about ,  from time to time ,  trying to think of something that will put a smile on their face or make them laugh .  it ' s about dignity .  it ' s about dignity .  but what we know is that right now we have so many people who are doing that and raising small children at the same time .
we call it the sandwich generation .  and unless you got a lot of money to be able to hire somebody to help ,  then folks are looking at the potential of having to leave their job ,  which is losing a source of income or  -  -  worse even  -  -  having to spend down whatever might be their savings to be able to qualify for medicaid .
that ' s not right .  that ' s not right .  so ,  my plan includes allowing medicare to cover the cost of home health care for our seniors .  it ' s a matter of dignity  -  -  dignity .  and so ,  i share some of these details with you to just let you know what you already know :  i will always put the middle class and working families first .
i always will .  i come from the middle class ,  and i will never forget where i come from .  i will never forget where i come from .  now ,  donald trump  -  - 
you know here i go .  now ,  donald trump ,  well ,  he has a different plan .  just google project <NUM> . 
now ,  i say it every time ,  but i just have to say again .  can you believe they put that thing in writing ?   they put it in writing .  they published it .  they bound it and handed it out .  and when you read it ,  you know it is a detailed and dangerous blueprint for what donald trump will do if he is elected president .
donald trump  -  -  donald trump will give billionaires and corporations massive tax cuts .  like he did it last time ,  he would do it again . 
he would cut social security and medicare .  he would get rid of the thing we all fought so hard for :  that  $ <NUM> - a - month cap on insulin for our seniors .  read that plan and you ' ll see they ' ll make it easier for companies to deny overtime pay for workers . 
and impose  -  -  he will impose what i call a trump sales tax ,  because he has an intention of putting an at least <NUM> percent tax on everyday necessities ,  which economists have estimated would cost the average person more than  $ <NUM> , <NUM> more a year . 
and on top of all of this ,  donald trump intends to end the affordable care act  -  - 
-  -  with no plan to replace it .  oh ,  y ' all watched the debate .   he has ,  quote  -  - 
-  -   " concepts of a plan .  "  so ,  you all know and you ' ve heard me say ,  look ,  i think and i do believe donald trump is an unserious man ,  and the consequences of him ever being again in the white house are brutally serious  -  -  brutally serious .  because ,  think about it ,  the man is going to threaten the health insurance of <NUM> million americans based on a concept and take us back to when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .
you remember what that was ? 
well ,  we are  -  - 
-  -  not going back .  we are not going back .  we are not going back .  we ' re not going back . 
and we are not going back because we are working and intend to move forward . 
forward ,  because ours is a fight for the future .  and it is a fight for freedom  -  -  like the fundamental freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not have her government telling her what to do .  and we know how we got here .  donald trump hand - selected three members of the united states supreme court with the intention that they would undo the protections of roe v .  wade ,  and they did as he intended .
and now ,  in america ,  more than one in three women lives in a state with a trump abortion ban .  today ,  except for virginia ,  every state in the south ,  including georgia ,  has a trump ban ,  many with no exceptions even for rape or incest ,  which is telling a survivor of a violation to their body they have no right to make a decision about what happens to their body next .
that ' s immoral .  that ' s immoral .  and let us agree :  one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do  -  -  not the government .  if she chooses ,  she will talk with her priest ,  her pastor ,  her rabbi ,  her imam ,  but not the government telling her what to do .  so ,  look ,  we all know this is a health care crisis .
this is not something theoretical .  this is not just about a political conversation .  it ' s very real ,  and donald trump is the architect .  women are being denied care during miscarriages ,  some only being treated once they develop sepsis ,  and tragically ,  because of these bans ,  some women have even died .  let me show you what i ' m talking about .
roll the clip .
in a fox town hall earlier this week ,  he even mocked amber ' s family for sharing their story . 
play the clip .
you know ,  we  -  -  we talk and we care about things like dignity .  we understand that the real  -  - 
well ,  i hear you .  but ,  you know ,  the thing i -   -  -  you know what ?  the court is going to take care of that .  we ' re going to take care of november .  right ?  we ' re going to take care of november .  we ' re going to take care of november .  but  -  -  but here ' s the thing .  here ' s the thing .  here ' s the thing .  a grieving family  -  -  a grieving family sharing the memory of their daughter with our nation  -  -  where is the compassion ?
you know ,  part of what ' s wrong with what ' s been happening in this so - called trump era is that there ' s this backward notion that somehow the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down ,  instead of what we know ,  which is that the real measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you lift up .  it ' s based on who you lift up .  and what we see continually from donald trump is exactly what that clip shows .
he belittles their sorrow ,  making it about himself and his television ratings .  it is cruel .  and ,  listen ,  i promised amber ' s mother that we will always remember her story and speak her name :  amber nicole thurman . 
amber nicole thurman .  and amber ' s family ,  including her parents ,  shanette and andre ,  are here with us tonight .  and in front of all the friends here ,  i thank them both for their courage and their strength ,  and it is my pledge to the family  -  -  there she is .  there she is .  and i have pledged to the family  -  -  it is my pledge to everybody here :  when congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide ,  as president of the united states ,  i will proudly sign it into law .
i will proudly sign it into law .  so ,  there ' s so much at stake .  and ,  you know ,  i ' m traveling the country ,  and everybody here knows ,  across our nation ,  we are witnessing a full - on assault on other hard - fought ,  hard - won fundamental freedoms and rights  -  -  like right here in georgia ,  the freedom to vote  -  -   ;  the freedom we are seeing in so many places in our country ,  an attack on the freedom to be safe from gun violence ;  the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .
so ,  so much is on the line in this election .  and this election is not <NUM> or <NUM> .  the stakes are even higher for obvious reasons ,  including because just a few months ago ,  the united states supreme court basically told the former president he is effectively immune no matter what he does in the white house . 
but  -  -  and just think about this  -  -  right ?   -  -  so ,  before that ruling just a few months ago ,  at least there was some possibility of threat of consequence for misbehavior  -  -  right ?   -  -  for breaking the law .  but just imagine now donald trump with no guardrails  -  -  he who has vowed that he will be a dictator on day one ;  he who calls americans who disagree with him the  " enemy from within .  " 
understand where that comes from in history .  and says he would use the american military to go after american citizens . 
he  -  -  he who has called for the  " termination ,  "  i quote ,  of the constitution of the united states of america .  and let us be very clear :  someone who suggests that we should terminate the constitution of the united states should never again stand behind the seal of the president of the united states of america .
never again .  never again .  never again .  so ,  georgia ,  it comes down to this .  we are all here together because we know what is at stake .  we are all here together because we love our country .  we love our country .  and i do believe it is one of the highest forms of patriotism to then fight for the ideals of our country .
that ' s what this is about .  this is about a fight for the promise of america .  right ?  right .  and the extraordinary ,  great congressman john lewis reminded us that democracy is not a state ;  it is an act .  it is an act .  so ,  georgia ,  now is our time to act .  the baton is in our hands .  election day is in <NUM> days ,  and early voting has already started .
you guys are setting some records ,  by the way .  and so ,  now is the time to make your plan to vote .  make your plan .  go to iwillvote . com and get all the information you need .  and if you have received your ballot in the mail ,  please do not wait .  fill it out and return it right away .  and you know ,  georgia ' s own president ,  jimmy carter ,  voted early .
bless him .  just days after his <NUM>th birthday .  so ,  look ,  if jimmy carter can vote early ,  you can too .   because ,  folks ,  the election is here .  it ' s here .  and i need you to continue to do what you do so well .  let ' s continue to energize .  let ' s continue to organize .  let ' s continue to mobilize .  and let ' s remind folks that your vote is your voice and your voice is your power .
and so ,  georgia ,  i ask you :  are you ready to make your voices heard ?  do we believe in freedom ?  do we believe in opportunity ?  do we believe in the promise of america ?  and are we ready to fight for it ?  and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win .  god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america .
good morning .   good morning ,  everyone .  good morning .  good morning ,  aft .   good morning .
oh ,  my goodness .  it ' s so good to be with everyone .  please have a seat .  please have a seat .  if you have a seat ,  please have a seat . 
it is good to be in the house of labor . 
thank you .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you ,  thank you ,  thank you .   my goodness .  thank you ,  everybody .  thank you .  thank you .  thank you .   thank you .
oh ,  thank you all .  thank you so very much .  thank y -   -  -  can we hear it for brittany ,  please ? 
thank you all .  it ' s so wonderful to be back with everyone here .  thank you .  that means so m -   -  -  so ,  so much more than i can say .
randi ,  thank you for your friendship  -  -  your long - standing friendship .  as we all know ,  randi is a force .  and she has been an incredible friend and  -  -  and adviser to the president and me .  and i want to thank you on behalf of the president and me and our country for all that you are . 
and i  -  -  i want to begin by saying a few words about our president ,  joe biden .  you know  -  -   .  right ?  yeah .  yeah .
so ,  last night ,  our president addressed the nation .  and he showed ,  once again ,  what true leadership looks like .   he really did .  his  -  -  his words were poignant .
you know ,  i  -  -  i ' ll speak in a moment about the importance of reminding people of history ,  teaching america ' s true history .
he  -  -  he thinks and talks about his work and our country ,  understanding what it means in terms of what we do now and how that will impact the future .  he thinks about our history in the context of the importance of the work we do now .
and over the past three and a half years ,  and over his entire career ,  joe has led with grace and strength and bold vision and deep compassion .  and as he said  -  -    -  -  that ' s right .  and as he said ,  in the next six months ,  he will continue to fight for the american people .  and i know we are all deeply ,  deeply grateful for his continued service to our nation .   thank you .  thank you .
and to the members of aft ,  i thank you for your service to our nation . 
from the public service workers and higher education faculty to the school bus drivers  -  -    -  -  and the custodians to the school nurses and our teachers  -  -    -  -  you all do god ' s work ,  educating our children  -  -  the whole ecosystem of who are aft members .
it is you who have taken on the most noble of work ,  which is to concern yourself with the well - being of the children of america .  and i thank you for that .  i thank you for that .   and i thank you ,  also ,  for your support over the years and for being the first union to endorse me this week . 
thank you .  i thank you .   i thank you .
and as you may know ,  i am a proud product of public education .   many of you know that my first grade teacher ,  mrs .  frances wilson ,  god rest her soul ,  taught me and educated me and encouraged me and inspired me .
and years later ,  when i walked across the stage to receive my law school diploma ,  mrs .  frances wilson was in the audience .   yeah .  yeah .
and that ' s who you are .  i know who you are .  i know who you are .  this work is personal and it is professional and it is so critically important .
and so ,  it is because of mrs .  wilson and so many teachers like her that i stand before you as vice president of the united states of america  -  -    -  -  and that i am running to be president of the united states of america . 
what i know firsthand is that our teachers and all those who are here ,  all the members of aft  -  -  i know that ,  by nature ,  you are visionaries .  you are focused on the future .  the work you do is about a focus on the future .  you see the potential in every child .  you foster it .  you encourage it .  and in so doing ,  you shape the future of our nation ,  which is why i say :  we need you so desperately right now .
today ,  we face a choice between two very different visions for our nation :  one focused on the future and the other focused on the past .  and we are fighting for the future . 
and in our vision of the future ,  we see a place where every person has the opportunity not just to get by but to get ahead  -  -  a future where no child has to grow up in poverty ,  where every senior can retire with dignity ,  and where every worker has the freedom to join a union . 
we see a future with affordable health care ,  affordable childcare ,  and paid leave  -  -  not for some ,  but for all . 
we see a future where every student has the support and the resources they need to thrive and a future where no teacher has to struggle with the burden of student loan debt . 
so ,  as an example ,  our administration has forgiven student loan debt for nearly <NUM> million americans  -  -    -  -  and twice as much for our public servants ,  including our teachers . 
teachers like tonya cabeza ,  who i met recently in philadelphia .  tonya was first in her family to go to college .  and she had been ,  like many ,  paying off her student loans for <NUM> years .
and she told me  -  -  she was like ,   " look ,  i  -  -  i at many times wondered :  would i have to leave this profession i love to just be able to pay my bills ?  but i did it  -  -  i didn ' t leave because i love what i do and i understand the importance .  "  but making decisions ,  then ,  about what she could afford in terms of her daily obligations and dealing with these loans .
and after <NUM> years ,  she still owed  $ <NUM> , <NUM> in student loans .  and we forgave it all . 
when she learned ,  she told me  -  -  she said when she learned that her loans had been forgiven ,  she said ,   " well ,  me and my children knew our lives had changed ,  and we were just dancing .  dancing .  "   so ,  there we go .
but we are clear - eyed :  as we work to build a brighter future and to move our nation forward ,  there are those who are really trying to take us backward .
and you ,  i ' m sure ,  have seen their agenda :  project <NUM> . 
randi ,  can you believe they put that thing in writing ?   nine hundred pages in writing .
so ,  project <NUM> is a plan to return america to a dark past .  donald trump and his extreme allies want to take our nation back to failed trickle - down economic policies  -  - 
-  -  back to union busting  -  - 
-  -  back to tax breaks for billionaires . 
donald trump and his allies want to cut medicare and social security  -  - 
-  -  to stop student loan forgiveness for teachers and other public servants . 
and i say to aft :  they even want to eliminate the department of education  -  - 
-  -  and end head start  -  - 
-  -  which ,  of course ,  would take away preschool from hundreds of thousands of our children .
he intends to give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations and make working families foot the bill .
and he intends to end the affordable care act .  now ,  think about that  -  -  to take us back to a time when insurance companies had the power to deny people with preexisting conditions .  remember what that was like ?  children with asthma ,  women who survived breast cancer ,  grandparents with diabetes .
you know ,  america has tried these failed economic policies before .  but we are not going back .  we are not going back . 
no ,  we will move forward .  and one of the best ways to keep our nation moving forward is to give workers a voice :  to protect the freedom to organize  -  -   ;  to defend the freedom to collectively bargain  -  -   ;  to end union busting . 
as head of the white house labor task force ,  i have led our work to eliminate barriers to organizing in both public and private sectors ,  including for teachers .  but there is more that we must do .
president joe biden and i promised to sign the pro act into law ,  and i promise you i will keep that promise .   because when workers join together and demand what is fair ,  everyone is better off .
understand  -  -  and i  -  -  i say this everywhere i go  -  -  understand :  you may not be in a union member ,  but you should thank unions  -  -  and i ' m looking to the cameras in the back of the room  -  -    -  -  not them ,  but the people who might be watching .  you may not be a union member ,  but thank unions for the five - day workweek  -  -   ;  for the eight - hour workday .  thank unions for sick leave and paid family leave and vacation time . 
because the fact is unions helped build america ' s middle class .   and when unions are strong ,  america is strong . 
so ,  aft ,  ours is a fight for the future .  and ours is a fight for freedom .
in this moment ,  across our nation ,  we witness a full - on attack on hard - won ,  hard - fought freedoms .
while you teach students about democracy and representative government ,  extremists attack the sacred freedom to vote .
while you try to create safe and welcoming places where our children can learn ,  extremists attack our freedom to live safe from gun violence .  they have the nerve to tell teachers to strap on a gun in the classroom  -  - 
-  -  while they refuse to pass commonsense gun safety laws . 
and while you to teach students about our nation ' s past ,  these extremists attack the freedom to learn and acknowledge our nation ' s true and full history  -  -    -  -  including book bans .  book bans in this year of our lord <NUM> .
and on these last two issues  -  -  on these a -   -  -  last two issues ,  just think about it .  so ,  we want to ban assault weapons ,  and they want to ban books . 
can you imagine ?
all the while ,  these extremists also attack the freedom to love who you love openly and with pride .   they pass so - called  " don ' t say gay "  laws . 
now ,  i have to tell you ,  so many of you may know ,  in <NUM> ,  on valentine ' s day weekend ,  i was one of the first elected officials in the country to perform same - sex marriages . 
so ,  here ' s the thing :  it pains me so to think <NUM> years later that there are some young teachers in their <NUM>s who are afraid to put up a photograph of themselves and their partner for fear they could lose their job .
and what is their job ?  the most noble of work ,  teaching other people ' s children .  and god knows we don ' t pay you enough as it is . 
in this moment ,  we are in a fight for our most fundamental freedoms .  and to this room of leaders ,  i say :  bring it on .   bring it on .  bring it on . 
bring it on .  that ' s right .
because here is the thing .  here is the thing .  here is the thing .  we believe in our country ,  we believe in its promise of freedom ,  and the american people believe in the promise of freedom .  so ,  we are in the fight .
we who believe in the freedom to vote will pass the john lewis voting rights advancement act and the freedom to vote act . 
we who believe in the freedom to live safe from gun violence will pass an assault weapons ban . 
we who believe that every american should be free from bigotry and hate will fight to protect our teachers and our students from discrimination  -  -    -  -  and make sure every student can learn america ' s history . 
and we who believe in reproductive freedom will restore the freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body and not to have her government telling her what to do . 
so ,  aft  -  - 
that ' s right .  bring it on . 
so ,  ultimately ,  in this moment ,  i know we all know ,  we each in our country face a question .  that question being :  what kind of country do we want to live in  -  -  a country of freedom ,  compassion ,  and rule of law or a country of chaos ,  fear ,  and hate ?
the beauty of our democracy is that we each have the power to answer that question when we vote .  and when we vote ,  we make our voices heard . 
so ,  today i ask you ,  aft :  are you ready to make your voices heard ? 
do we believe in freedom ? 
do we believe in opportunity ? 
do we believe in the promise of america ? 
and are we ready to fight for it ? 
and when we fight  -  - 
-  -  we win .
god bless you .  and god bless the united states of america .   god bless you .
