[Audience chants "U.S.A."] Thank you. Wow. That's a lot of people here today. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, New Mexico. What a good place. Thank you very much. Look, I'm only here for one reason. They all said, "Don't come." I said, "Why?" "You can't win New Mexico." I said look, "Your votes are rigged. We can win New Mexico. We can win New Mexico."
You know, I said, "Why? They don't want to stop the people pouring across the border that are murderers, that are killers, that are drug, addicts that are drug dealers, that are gang members. Why? New Mexico wants to keep it going like it is." So, you know, we almost won it twice, and let me tell you, I believe we won it twice.
OK, you want to know the truth. And if you can watch your vote count if we could bring God down from heaven, he could be the vote counter, we would win this., we'd win California. We'd win a lot of states, a lot of states. They say, "Oh, a Republican can't win that state." They say a Republican can't win.
Well, you know what? We're going to win it. We got to win it. You just got to keep the votes, honest. Keep the votes honest. But a very big hello. It is really an honor to be in New Mexico. I have so many friends -- I've been here before as you know, but we have so many friends. And I'm thrilled to be in this beautiful state with thousands of very proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.
And I'd like to begin by asking a very, very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] You know we had per gallon $1.84. We used to say 87. I was corrected by the people in Washington. Can you believe it? $1.84 a gallon. And now you're at $3.50, $4. [Audience boos]
And let me tell you, after the election, if things didn't go the way they're expected to go, you'd be at $6, $7, $9, $10. [Audience boos] But I've come here today with a message of hope for all Americans. [Audience responds affirmatively] With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the massive invasion of criminals into your state, and I will bring back the American dream.
We're going to bring back the American dream. It's hard to have an American dream when radical, crazy killers and just horrible, horrible murderers. You know, you had coming through your border. Do you know how many you had? Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine, that's Border Patrol -- who endorsed me, by the way, very strongly.
And you know what they said about her? She's the worst person they've ever seen having anything to do with the border. She's terrible. You cannot elect her. That's Border Patrol, that's Border Patrol. Do you know that in four years, almost four years, she never called Border Patrol once? And yet she was in charge of the border.
That's not too good. [Audience boos] That's not -- she's a stiff, she's a total stiff, and she lies. She had a news conference today, "Oh! Oh! Trump wants to -- let's see what can we say, oh, he's going to cut Social Security?" No. I'm the one that saved it. He's going to save Social Security. She's going to lose it.
And oh, and he's against the -- oh, oh, he's against fertilization. He's against fertilization. She just says anything that comes to her mind. She's a liar. She's worse than Crooked Hillary. At least Hillary was intelligent, she was a very intelligent one. This one is a total stiff. You can't have her as your president.
You know, she talks about unity. "Oh, unity, unity. Oh yeah, unity. By the way, he's like Hitler. He reminds me of Hitler. He's a fascist." She's talking about, "We're going to have unity," and then she calls me a fascist in the next sentence. This is the worst unifier. And you know, Biden was bad, but you know who was a really bad unifier, Barack Hussein Obama. [Audience boos]
He was a horrible unifier, horrible. He was a horrible unifier and not a very good person, not a very good person. Now here's the guy, though the man whose election was ripped away from him like you take candy from a baby. OK? Crooked Joe Biden. What's better Sleepy Joe or Crooked Joe? Sometimes I feel like it's sleepy.
Well now, I don't know. Well, he's gotten him in so much trouble when he called you garbage. You're not garbage. [Audience boos] You've got -- you're not garbage. This is a hell of a big -- look at that -- because I wish the fake news would show this crowd. I wish they'd turn the cameras over there as far as the eye can see over there. [Audience chants "U.S.A."]
Not one camera is turning. Not one camera -- they never turned the cameras. They never want to show the real crowd size. You know, Kamala should never be running right now. She doesn't deserve it. She came in last. She got no votes. Whether you like him or not -- I'm not a big fan, but we had a debate.
His numbers went down. That can happen, but they took it away from him. You don't take it away. He got 14 million votes in the Democrat Party. And then, oh, that sounds like a nice F-35. You know how many of them I bought? I bought a lot of them. Personally, I like the F-22, the best, by the way. I think the F-22 is the most beautiful fighter jet ever made.
But let's get back to this -- that's the weave. Let's get back to the subject. You always end up in the right -- you have to always end up in the right place, but Crooked Joe Biden, they stole the election from him. They went in, they said Crazy Nancy Pelosi, who by the way, she had a big stake in Visa and she sold it two weeks ago.
The following day, it was announced that Visa is under major investigation. Nancy Pelosi sold her Visa stock one day before it was announced that they were under investigation [Audience boos] and the fake news doesn't want to report the story. The fake news won't report the story. [Audience boos] No.
But there's one big difference between Crooked Hillary and Kamala. You know what it is? Hillary was far more intelligent than -- but Hillary didn't lie as much. Hillary was a liar and a scoundrel and a horrible human being. But she didn't lie as much as Kamala. Kamala will get up and say, "Trump doesn't want to frack, he will never frack."
No, no, I frack, and I drill, baby, drill, I want to drill, baby, drill. She'll get up and say, "Haven't you heard Donald Trump will not drill, baby, drill? He will not drill, baby, drill. [Audience member calls out" Drill, baby, drill."] No. Fortunately, most people are intelligent and they get it. And we're leading big in the polls, all the polls.
This is all you need to know. Kamala broke it and I will fix it, and I'll fix it very quickly. And with your support, New Mexico -- look, I don't make me waste a whole damn half a day here, OK? Look, I came here -- you know, we could be nice to each other or we can talk turkey. Let's talk turkey, OK? First of all, Hispanics love Trump. [Audience responds affirmatively]
They do. True, I like them. They're smart. They're a lot smarter than the person running for president on the Democrat side. You could say a lot smarter than Biden, too, I can tell you. They're smart. They're entrepreneurial as hell. They're great entrepreneurs. Actually, great small business owners, and big, big business owners too.
But they're great, they work their asses off, that's right. They don't want to get anything for nothing. They want it. They just want a fair, nice level-playing table, and that's what's going to happen. But you know what? No, but did you hear, I'm at the highest point of any Republican in history? Now, we're going to -- OK, that's one step.
Now I'm going to make it of any Democrat also because I treat you much better than the Democrats. And Democrats, they're destroying your country, they're destroying your country. So, I'm here for one simple reason. I like you very much. And it's good for my credentials with the Hispanic or Latino community.
You know on the East Coast, they like being called Hispanics, you know this? On the West Coast, they like being called Latinos. So, poll -- a free -- give me a free poll. You know, I don't have to spend $300,000. First is going to be Latinos, next is Hispanics, right, which do you prefer? Latinos uh, oh, let me give it one more shot.
Latinos, Hispanics. I can't believe it. I had an argument on the plane back there. Where is it? Oh, there it is. I had a little argument on the plane. They said, "Sir, please use the term Latino when you're in New Mexico." I said, you know, I've always heard Hispanic, and then at some point there is a little area, but I feel more comfortable.
Sir, really, you'll be very insulting. I take a poll and it's 97 %, I was right. A free poll. As I was saying, I love the Hispanics, I love them. I love Hispanics. And they are -- they're hard workers and boy, are they entrepreneurial and they're great people. And they are warm, they are warm, sometimes they're too warm.
You want to know the truth? They are warm people, but you have to turn out the record numbers that we need in order to really demand a better future and you have to go out, you have to vote, we want a win, win, win. We want to take care of the great state of New Mexico. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, the worst vice president, and we're going to make America great again.
We're going to make America great again and you're going to go back. And you know if this group -- I think this group is so large that if you all went right after this -- who's voted? OK, who is going to vote? That's good. Well, the people that have voted, if you voted against me, shame on you, I'm only going to focus on the people that haven't voted.
I'm holding it against you. I should have done this trip about a week earlier, by the way, it's all right. These are minor mistakes. These are minor mistakes. So, it's good to be with you. I don't give a damn, I don't give a damn. But those people that haven't voted which is about 40 %, get out and vote and vote for Trump.
And we're going to have a big victory. [Applause] We're going to have a big victory. I just want to be proven right. You know, I like to say I'm never wrong because it's good. Remember the hat, the great hat? Trump was never wrong about anything. And it's true and that's sad because I've made some very bad predictions.
With her in office, you'll end up in depression, you'll end up in Third World wars. You'll end up -- if anything ever happened, it would be horrible. If she got in, it would be horrible for the future of this country because she's grossly incompetent. She's more incompetent than Biden, and I didn't think I could say that about anybody.
Do you think she's happy with him? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. Do you think she feels good about the language that he's been using lately, like calling us all garbage? [Audience responds "No"] Can you imagine the phone calls? "What the hell are you doing, Joe? Please, Joe. I'm trying, Joe. I'm at a big disadvantage. I'm at a big -- you know, they say I'm not smart. And then you go and you make it more difficult for me, Joe. What are you doing, Joe?"
Well, that's the way I feel because that is the way it feels probably. But you know who really -- I won't use that term on him. But you know who the person is that. We don't have too much respect for, right? I mean you see what we have, and they're destroying our country and they're ruining your state.
They're letting millions of people come into your state. They're ruining your state. And get out there and vote. One of the biggest reasons we will win this state is that you have among the worst border problems of any state in America, and I am the only one that knows how to fix it. I already did fix it.
Four years ago, you didn't have a problem. Four years ago, you didn't have a problem. Under Kamala, New Mexico has seen millions of people pour across your section of the southern border, including 10,000 convicted criminals and thousands and thousands of illegal alien gang members. Congratulations. You now have those gang members in your presence. [Audience boos]
Yeah, you have a lot of rough hombres, don't you? You have a lot of rough -- they're tough hombres. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane, asylums, and mental institutions. They're emptying out their mental institutions and their prisons and jails from all over the world and they're coming into the United States of America.
We're like a dumping ground. We're like a dumping ground. It's a horrible thing. They come from Venezuela. They come from the Congo, and they're stealing countless American lives in Las Cruces, Mexico. An illegal, alien criminal who was arrested but released from jail. You heard about this, you know about this.
It's a big story all over, but especially here, an unsecured bond was charged -- unsecured bond. What is an unsecured bond? The hell are they doing, an unsecured bond? What does that mean? What is that? A bond is supposed to be secured -- was charged with decapitating a man, mutilating his body, and kicking his head around like a soccer ball in the public park.
The victim's head was found 30 feet from his body. He had been stabbed multiple times and his middle finger had been removed. I guess that was a sign of something. Today, I want to have you here. By the way, that person is not being charged like he should be charged, OK? [Audience boos] But today, I want you to take a look at something that just came about two days ago.
We made a tape, which I'm going to show you. And it's a tape of a great mother who I got to know a little bit at one of the rallies, and I heard the story. And she said, "I'd love to do this. And it's very sad everybody that seen it, literally, they end up -- tough men have ended up crying pretty profusely by watching this. So, please take a look.
So, devastating, right? [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you very much. There are hundreds and even thousands of cases like that. And it's people coming into this country that are horrible people. They're horrible people. I don't like saying that, but they're horrible people and they come in totally unvetted, totally unchecked through this ridiculous open border policy that she and the radical left have.
And the only reason they can want it, I guess two reasons. They think they're going to sign people up to vote or they're just grossly incompetent, which they are. Maybe it's both. But it's vicious, it's vicious that they do it. People are being killed every single day by illegal migrants coming into this country.
These are rough people. These are people that have been in jails and prisons. And they're -- again, 13,000 plus murderers have been released into our country. Some with the death penalty already stipulated against them. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins.
And the savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, the most vicious gang they say in the world, although I would say MS-13 is right there with them. We took out thousands of MS-13 killers. When I was president, we took them out by the thousands.
Before me, they didn't take them out because the countries wouldn't take them back. With me, I said to the countries, "You're not going to take them back, right? You're not going to take them back. No more aid for that country." They said, "Sir, we'd love to take them back. We'd love to take them back."
We took them out by the thousands. Two young girls walking down a street in Long Island -- for some reason, MS-13 likes Long Island, and we took them out again by the hundreds and hundreds out of Long Island. We saved Long Island, but two girls walking down the street going to school 16 years old, each -- 16, beautiful, perfect, young girls.
And they were hit by MS-13 and sliced up with a knife. They didn't want to use a gun because it's too quick. And they sliced them up and killed them, sliced them up into pieces. And those animals are paying a big price right now because of ICE. ICE went in and did a number on them. But we've got to get smart in this country.
We've got to get smart. They're taking over apartment complexes, they're unleashing a violent killing spree all across America. In Aurora, Colorado, you've been reading about it, it's terrible. Yes, doctor, please, doctor in the house. Please, take your time, doctor. Thank you.
Medic, doctor. [Off-mic] [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Thank you. Are they OK? Thank you, Doctor. Take your time, Doctor. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] We always have good doctors. That's one thing. We got a lot of doctors here, a lot of doctors, a lot of doctors support.
Thank you. You've been waiting here a long time. [Audience member calls out "It was worth it."] Thank you. [Audience member calls out "We love you, President Trump."] Thank you, Doctor. Go ahead. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] [Audience chants "U.S.A"] You OK, Doctor? You OK? Doing well? You tell us.
Looks like you're doing OK. [Applause] [Audience chants "God bless Trump."] Thank you. [Audience member calls out "Save us from Kamala."] How about playing a song while the doctor finishes up? Do you want to do that? How about, God Bless America? [Audience responds affirmatively] God Bless America, go ahead, put it on.
If my people can move quickly, put it on good. You can sing with this great voice that you're about to hear if you'd like. [Audience chants "Keep Trump safe."] Thank you very much. That wasn't the song I requested, but that was a great song, anyway. They got it a little wrong, but that's good. You can never go wrong with Lee Greenwood.
That, I can tell you. He's great. So, thank you. And, Doctor, I think you're OK over there? Yes? Everyone good? Let's go. Let's go. So, that was very sad, and there are so many sad stories for no reason whatsoever. Open borders. I call the open borders stupid policies. These are for stupid people. And we want people to come into our country, but we want them to come in legally.
We want them to love our country and to love the people of our country. And we'll do that, but they can't just walk in from prisons and from all sorts of places. Do you know the crime rates are down in many places, in many cities outside of this country? Because it's all over the world. They're coming in from the Congo.
They're coming in from -- crime rates are down in Venezuela by 70 percent, 72 percent. Because they're taking their criminals and depositing their criminals in the United States of America. Thank you very much. [Audience boos] And the United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer.
We are an occupied country. When you see what's going on in Colorado -- and I think Colorado is going to vote big for Trump, too. They were the ones -- the governor over there, he's a weak, ineffective, radical left lunatic. He doesn't know what to do because, in Aurora, they're taking over the whole place.
But you know what he tried to do? He wanted to get me off the ballot. And the people of Colorado were not happy about it, including Democrats. And we won nine to nothing in the Supreme Court. That's what we had to do because of Colorado. And Colorado said, "We're going to vote for Trump." That was their form of rebellion.
So, I hope you do that. I hope you vote for Trump. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. [Audience responds affirmatively] On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country and pass. [Audience responds affirmatively]
To expedite removal of the Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of -- listen to this -- 1798. That's an old one. You have to go back that far because, as we've grown and grown, our politics and politicians have become weaker and weaker. Our laws don't mean anything.
It's so bad what's happening to our country. And we're becoming a very unsafe country. But we're going to be a lot more unsafe when you realize that all of the criminals from every country in the world is being deposited right into our nation. And we're not going to take it. But we're using the Alien Enemies Act.
Think of that, 1798. Boy, that's a long time ago. To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And it gives tremendous authority to everybody to straighten out our country. We've got to have a country. We've got to have borders. We've got to have fair elections. We've got to have a free press.
Look how many people are back there. They're all -- there are just so many bad -- they're so fake. So, many of them, they're fake. [Audience boos] They're fake. And if these monsters come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. [Audience responds affirmatively] And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States. We're ending sanctuary cities, which is sanctuary for criminals. As we secure our border, we will bring back our economy. And, very simply, I will make America affordable again. It's not affordable. Because these lunatics that we have running our government, they've allowed inflation to rise to a level that we've never seen before, and it's not affordable.
They've come down. The prices came down. And now they're going -- shooting back up again. It's terrible, the job. We've got to get those costs down. And I'm going to get them down. You know how I'm going to get them down? We're going to drill, baby, drill. EY We're going to drill, baby, drill, bring energy down.
And we're going to get interest rates down, too. They were at 2 percent with me, and now they're at 10 percent, 11 percent, 12 percent, 13 percent, 14 percent. And you can't get the money, even if you want to pay it. Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation in our country's history.
She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices. Think of that, $30,000. And now, Kamala -- a disaster who shouldn't be allowed to run. She has no right to be running. You know what? You know the expression, right? They're a threat to democracy. That's what they are. They are the threat to democracy.
Kamala wants to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. [Audience boos] And I'm announcing today a new step that I'll take to get emergency price relief to all Americans. On day one, I will sign an executive order directing every federal agency to immediately remove every single burdensome regulation driving up the cost of goods.
They drive up the cost of goods. We have so many regulations that hurt our country. I cut more regulations times four than any president in the history of our country. And that's why we had the best -- we had the greatest economy in history. That's one of the reasons why. The other is I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country, including Ronald Reagan.
Furthermore, I will create a new cabinet position for a senior member of my administration, who will be tasked exclusively with doing everything in the federal government's power to reduce the cost of living. We have to. You'd not be able to live. And a lot of it is just the regulations. And the rules and regulations, which are just a waste of time and money -- and everybody, we need regulation.
But I have seen regulations where they have 30 regulations for one subject, and the one subject doesn't even matter. All agencies will be judged daily on their progress in slashing the cost of household items. And we're going to slash the cost. And this will be the largest and fastest, most aggressive regulatory reduction.
It's going to be the largest regulatory reduction in the history of our country, and it's going to happen very fast. Using just very conservative estimates, we will save the typical household $7,000 in the first year alone. With no impact to your life, Tim. No impact at all. Just a waste of money. Uh-oh, Osprey.
The Osprey, pretty amazing, right? Pretty amazing. They've had some difficulty, but pretty amazing. We will end the inflation nightmare immediately and create a record jobs boom -- the likes of which you've never seen before. And we had a record. We had -- think of it. Four years ago, we were energy-independent, and during my administration, we had the most successful economy, the greatest economy in the history of our country.
The history of our country. And we had the best job numbers in the history of our country. African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, men, women, people with a degree, young people with a degree in the best schools, young people without a degree at all. Every single group had the best. There wasn't one group that wasn't at the all-time top.
We had the most successful administration, and we rebuilt the military. We did so many -- we defeated ISIS. We did a lot. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will also have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits to your seniors. This liar got up today.
She said, "Donald Trump is going to cut Social Security." No, no. No. She knows I'm not. She's going to destroy Social Security, but I'll never cut it. And I'm never raising the age either. She'll have no choice but to. But what I will cut is the tax on Social Security. So, she's a little confused. She's really -- she is a liar.
And I'll also support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of their parents or a loved one, a husband, a wife. And they deserve it. You know, without them, you wouldn't have enough hospitals in this country if you doubled them up. You have unbelievable people, angel moms. You have unbelievable people that do a great job, and they're entitled to that.
On behalf of the great people of New Mexico, I will end Kamala's war on American energy. You're not going to have any energy. You know, they talk about Pennsylvania, no fracking. They're going to -- if you don't have energy, they're going to take it away. They want to go all electric, everything all electric.
Oh, that's going to be wonderful. They want -- even in the military, they want all electric Army tanks. There's only one problem -- they don't work. But they will be environmentally friendly as you blast your way into various enemy cities, right? We'll do it in -- we will blast our way through into a city in an environmentally friendly way.
You know what happens? The battery is so big and so heavy that you will have to carry it in, like, a wagon in the back. OK? They'll be pulling a battery along in a wagon, and the battery is so heavy, they don't even know if the tank is going to have the power to do it. The whole thing is crazy. It doesn't go far.
It doesn't have the right torque. These are minor details. The whole tank is so heavy that if it goes over a bridge, you're going to have to rebuild all the bridges. Same thing with the trucks. They want to make all trucks, all trucks, all electric. The problem is they weigh two and a half times more because of the battery.
They don't go far enough. And because of the weight, by the way, it would mean we would have to build and rebuild. Every bridge in the United States of America has to be rebuilt to handle the weight of all electric trucks. I said to the head of the trucker, one guy has 28,000 trucks. I said, "That's a lot."
He's been buying them his whole life. He said, "I've been buying trucks for 50 years, sir. And every year, they got better, bigger, stronger, more beautiful. We build those apartments on the back of that trailer right now, sir. You'd be proud to live in one of them." I said, "I don't know about that. I'm not sure. Maybe I would. I probably would. They're beautiful. You see it."
But every year, he said, for 50 years, they've gotten more efficient. They've gotten better. And now they want us to go all electric. And we'd be going back 50 years and much more. Fifty years ago, a truck was better than the best electric truck today. So, I said, "Did you explain that to the authorities as they burst into your office to demand that you go all electric?" He said, "I explained it. Why? They say, 'We don't give a damn. We want you to go all electric.'"
This is what we're dealing with. It's like a -- it's like Gestapo stuff. OK? They use that term. It's like Gestapo stuff. What they're doing to our country is unbelievable. And you talk about a supply chain. I said, "How many stops would you have to make for electric? Six to Los Angeles. New York to Los Angeles."
Six stops, sir, and we have no chargers." I said, "That's a problem, too." Do you know they built eight charging stations? You know what a charging station is? The same thing as a pump with gasoline, except electric is there. It comes to you. You put it in, right. Do you hear this story? Nine billion dollars they've spent for eight charging stations in the Midwest. [Audience boos] So, you're about ready to run out of electric. And they say, "
Sir, if you go 300 miles to the north, there's a charging station up there." It would cost us -- to do the necessary charging stations, it would cost us, they say, about $10 trillion. That's like $10 trillion to do the necessary. And you know what? I'm not against electric. I think they're incredible.
I think they have a purpose. I think Tesla is great. I think Elon -- I mean, he endorsed me, gave me the best. I think they have a great purpose. But you can't go all electric. You want gasoline-powered cars. You want hybrids. You want a lot of different things. New things are emerging. New things are emerging.
But you can't have that. But they want all electric, within a very short period of time. Also, they're going to all be made in China. You know that. [Audience boos] We have gasoline. We have gasoline. We have all the gasoline you could ever -- they have -- and it's clean, too. They have what's necessary for batteries, China.
So, why are we playing into their hands like this? Because we're run by stupid fools. Stupid fools. If Kamala is reelected, New Mexico's economy will be reduced to rubble. You're not going to be drilling oil. You're not going to be -- there's no more drilling. There's no more oil. You can forget it. We want to go off.
You know, Germany tried it for about nine months. That's the end of that one. That was -- she was gone right after that. They tried it. They almost lost their country. And they went back to it. Now they're building a coal plant a week. I mean, they've gone to -- from one extreme to the other. But Germany tried it.
China is building a coal plant a week. Kerry goes to meet with President Xi. He says, "I'd like you to go environmentally friendly." "OK, we'll do that. We'll do that. Get that -- get out of here. Go back. Tell them we're going to do it." In the meantime, they keep doing whatever the hell they want to do.
And that -- all that air, by the way, comes over our country in three and a half days. So, we're out there -- nice, clean air, but the air from China blows over our country every three and a half to four days. And when they dump their garbage into the ocean, it floats on by in the Pacific. It floats on by Los Angeles.
It's a lovely sight to see. We end up picking up their garbage, right? Because we allow that to happen. We won't allow that to happen. We're not going to allow that to happen.
You know, China, when I was president, paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs, when all of the other people -- I won't use names -- but when they were -- China never paid them $0.10. Not paid -- they didn't pay us $0.10. I got hundreds of billions of dollars, and they were fine. I had a good relationship with them. Had a great relationship with President Xi until the China virus hit our shores, in which case that was a bridge too far. But we did a great job on that. Never got the credit for that.
We got a credit for the economy, for the military. Rebuilt the entire military. Got great credit for not having started wars. Right to try. How about right to try? How good was that, though? Right to try. Kamala has vowed to ban fracking. She will destroy over 90,000 oil and gas jobs in New Mexico. They'll put your state -- your state -- your state will go back to a level of poverty.
New Mexico is going to go back to a level of poverty. Going to wipe out 35 percent of your state's budget. On day one, I will end Kamala's devastating national gas export ban. Do you believe we have a ban? A lot of people don't know that. I will immediately terminate the Green New scam. That will be such an honor.
The greatest scam in the history of any country. I will cancel her insane electric vehicle mandate. It'll be ended. On day one, we'll end that one. And I'll cut your energy prices in half within 12 months from entering office. January 20th, we enter office. Within 12 months, all of your energy bills -- your car, your air conditioning, your heating, everything will be 50 percent.
Five-O. Despite all of the damage she's caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her failing campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. That's what she's doing to me. [Audience boos] Two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. You're garbage. He said they're garbage.
He called you garbage. He called all of us garbage. We're garbage. I remember the word deplorable. Do you remember the word deplorable? How did that work out, Hillary? Not too good. But they mean it, even though, without question, my supporters are of far higher quality and, I think, much smarter than Crooked Joe or Lyin' Kamala.
My response to Joe and Kamala is simple. You can't lead America. If you don't love America, you can't do it. You can't be president if you hate the American people. And I think they hate the American people. I'll bet you we're 250 million people we're talking about. I'll bet we're 250 million people.
Remember, it's called Make America Great Again. Who's against that? Remember, Joe -- remember, Joe, before he gave up and quit? He quit like a little loser. He quit. He quit. He quit. "I would give her -- I will hand over my presidency. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. I will hand over my presidency." No, he quit.
He had -- he won, and then he walked into his office. "You can't win." So, she's not going to win either, by the way. That's the beauty. I've had a -- this can only happen to me. I'm the one -- I have to fight two people, not one. I have to go -- everyone else, they can beat one. So, we spent 150 million beating this guy.
I never even mentioned her name. Nobody even knew who the hell she was, except she was incompetent. So, we fight. And we're beating him. We have the debate. We did well. He didn't do too good. And then his numbers are down. They go in, they take away his presidency. They literally took away his presidency.
And now they say -- they put -- it's like going to Dana White. You know Dana White, UFC? And he sees the fight going on, and the one guy is getting beaten badly. They say, "Let's take him out and put somebody else in." You don't do that stuff. But they did it. Not a democracy. You don't do that. And, you know, she was last out of the 13 people.
She was last. They started off with 22, actually. She was last. She was the first one to be defeated. She got racked. She got killed. She was the first one. She never made it to the great state of Iowa. We love Iowa, too. Never made it to Iowa. She never made it. She was defeated before she -- she was the first one out of 22 people to quit.
And she becomes the person I have to run against, right? She's not -- I don't care. I guess -- I think I'm probably happier. They have much more capable people than her. But you know what? What they did was wrong. They went in and they told somebody, "You're getting out. We're taking over." And they actually took over the presidency of the United States.
Think about it. [Audience boos] Kamala Harris is not fit to be president of the United States. She doesn't have the intellect, the stamina, or that special quality that real leaders must have to lead. You know, Brett Favre yesterday, Wisconsin. He's great. He endorsed me. He never did that before. He endorsed me.
Gave me a strong endorsement. And I was thinking about her. I'm talking about her. And there's Brett Favre sitting there with hands -- he's got hands I never saw. He's got fingers like sausages. That's why he could fling that ball 80 yards down the field. And I'm saying, how do you even compare? You're talking about him.
He was a leader -- the one Super Bowl that had some of the best quarterback stats ever. But great. I mean, it was such an honor. And I'm thinking about, here's a guy who was a leader. If he was a leader on the field, he'd be screaming at his guys that they weigh 100 pounds more than him. Although, I tell you, he's a big guy.
I was surprised. He's tall and -- but he is a strong sucker. And he comes out, and I'm looking at him and I'm talking about her in terms of leadership. And I say, "Can you imagine we're even having them in the same room? It's so ridiculous." Joe Biden's comments were the direct result of Kamala's decision to portray everyone who isn't voting for her -- which is a hell of a lot of people -- as evil and subhuman.
Can you believe that? Evil. And we're evil and subhuman. [Audience boos] And we know it's what they believe because look at how they've treated you. They've treated you like garbage. Look on the border. Look at New Mexico with -- you have the worst problem, probably, in the whole country. They're flowing in like you're a federal highway.
They're flowing into your state at levels that nobody else has to see. For the past nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racists, bigots, fascists, deplorables, irredeemables, Nazis. And they call me Hitler. I'm Hitler. That's what they say. [Audience boos] They've bullied you. They've demeaned you.
They've demonized us. They've censored us, deplatformed us, and weaponized the power of our government against their political opponent, me. I've had more investigations than Alfonso Capone. Alfonso Capone would kill a person just by looking. If he didn't like the person -- even tough guys like these guys over here.
If Alfonso didn't like you, you were gone. And I've had more investigations than Scarface. That's Alfonso Capone. My father would be looking down. He said, "How the hell did that happen to my son, my boy, my beautiful boy? How did that happen? How did that happen?" I'm pretty sure he'd be looking down.
I know my mother would be looking down. My father -- no, he'd be looking. He was a tough guy, but he was a good guy. He had a big, beautiful heart. They've taken away your money, thrown open your borders to criminals and terrorists, flooded your towns with deadly drugs and death, given you jobs to illegal migrants, and sent our blood and treasure to fight stupid foreign wars in countries that you've never heard of.
This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare that you're not going to take it anymore. What we've built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition, and the greatest political movement in American history. There's never been a movement like this, not even close. We brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed.
We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, and Arab Americans. Let me tell you, when the numbers come out, you're going to see the worst African American numbers that we've ever seen, because these people that are pouring into our country are taking African American jobs at levels that nobody has ever seen.
And they're trying to keep -- I know the numbers. They're trying to keep the numbers quiet until after the election. They have five more days, but they want to keep them quiet. They should release them right now. African Americans -- and to a lesser extent, but a lot -- Hispanic Americans are losing their jobs to people that are illegally coming into our country.
And we ought to demand it. I demand it of the fake news, but they're useless. These guys are useless. They don't even talk about it. And they know it. And they know it. They know what the numbers are, too. They're taking African American jobs at a level that nobody can even comprehend. And it's damn unfair.
These are American citizens. It's damn unfair. We're uniting Christians and Jews, Catholics and evangelicals, Muslims and Mormons, and everyone who simply wants to do one thing. What do they want to do? Make America great again. That's all they want to do. Our campaign has been endorsed by 400,000 members, think of this, 400,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police.
By the Border Patrol agents unanimously -- think of it, unanimously -- and the strongest endorsement you've ever heard. By the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters, that's something no Republican ever had, 62 percent. They have a great head of the Teamsters, though, I will say. Sean O'Brien, he's a great leader of the Teamsters, I will say that.
By Elon Musk, a great one. When I watched that rocket come in last week, I said, any guy can do that. I want that endorsement, right? He gave me that. You know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania. And what he's doing is campaigning for me because he said it's the most important single decision in American history, because we're going to lose our president.
We have the endorsement of somebody who's terrific. Not easy. He's been -- I mean, the family has been slightly Democrat for a long time. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., RFK, Jr. He's going to help us on health and the health of women and men and children. And he is so good and so into it. And you'll see, he's going to do a great job.
I may keep him away from the liquid gold. They told me -- I said, "I love you. I think you're great. But stay away from my liquid gold. We're going to make a lot of money with that. We're going to pay off debt. We're going to lower taxes." We have Tulsi Gabbard, a highly respected person who just turned Republican.
And the great astronaut, Buzz Aldrin, who never endorsed -- this is yesterday -- never endorsed -- he never endorsed anybody in his life, and he endorsed a guy named Donald Trump. Kamala and Joe, call them -- all of them -- also, they're in your group now. She calls them garbage, and he calls them garbage.
Oh, you can imagine their conversations. But I call you the heart and soul of America. I call you the people that built our country. You're the people that built our country. We're especially excited to have the support of record numbers of Hispanic Americans and Latinos. And right here in New Mexico, we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic American vote.
We're going to win. We're going to get tremendous. So, if I did nothing else, at least, the Hispanics are going to say, "We love this guy," because I've set so many records. You know, we won Miami. We did things like win Miami. We won the entire border along Texas, which is mostly Hispanic. It's 80 percent, 85 percent.
The governor of Texas, a good guy -- Governor Abbott called, he said, "Sir, you won the entire border running along Texas, between Texas and Mexico." I said, "So, why are you surprised?" He said, "It's never happened before." Hispanics want great jobs, rising wages, and safe communities. You don't want vicious gang members getting dumped into your state.
And you don't want Kamala teaching your children that they can change their gender anytime they want. [Audience boos] And many Hispanics are also Catholics, and Kamala is persecuting Catholics. What's with Catholics? Any Catholic that votes for her should immediately have your head examined. They are persecuting Catholics.
And remember this, evangelicals are next. OK? It's very simple. We're with you. What they're doing is unbelievable. They're persecuting Catholics. Oh, we have a lot of -- who's Catholic here? Who's Catholic? It's a lot. That's a lot. We're trying to turn that movement that the government has. We're going to turn it down.
We're going to turn that thing down and off. And my first day in office, there will be no more persecutions of Catholics. We're going to turn it down. We're going to turn that thing down and off. And my first day in office, there will be no more persecutions of Catholics. There will be no more persecutions of Catholics or anybody else.
Kamala even suggested that being Catholic disqualifies you from running for office. She's about 75 years out of date. Didn't they have that with Kennedy? They had that with a lot of people. A lot of Catholics were persecuted for -- they couldn't run for office. And now she's going to start that whole thing up again.
The woman is a disaster. And she's -- and she -- ready? I shouldn't say this about an opponent, but I have to, because you know what? We can't take a chance on her. She's dumb as a rock. She's dumb as a rock. Did you see where her teleprompter went off last week? Two weeks ago, she's like, 32. And now the teleprompter freezes.
Happens all the time. I have my good teleprompter guy back there. He's excellent. But every once in a while, no matter how good they are, this sucker breaks down. But I haven't been using it too much today, to be honest. Hey, isn't it nice -- I always say, isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter, right? But her teleprompter broke down three weeks ago.
Goes -- "And 32 days." She meant 32 days are left in the campaign. "Thirty-two, oh, my -- oh, 32." Did you see this? Thirty-two. Thirty-two. Oh. And I'm saying, oh, man -- I was watching. I said, she's lost it. "Thirty-two." And then, boom, it kicked back. You know, sometimes it doesn't. If you're going to be a politician, you have to know -- they have backup.
See this? This is a backup. But, you know, if you have to use that backup, you're in big trouble because, oh, it broke. Now you got to find the page. It's not good. You're just better off. Just wing it. Do whatever the hell you have to do. This is backup. All I have to do is figure out what the hell page it's on.
You know, little things like that. No, if you're a politician, if you want to run for office -- I have a friend. He wanted to run. Very smart guy. Very successful guy. Made a lot of money and all. He wanted -- he saw what I'd done. He wants to run for the Senate. And I say, "Well, do you have any problems? Anything?" He's like, "No, I have one problem, though. I have, like, this terrible phobia. I'm afraid to speak in front of people."
I said, "Let me give you a little suggestion. Don't waste your time. You got to" -- can you imagine that? He had a problem. Little phobia about speaking in front of people. That would not be good. So, he was actually hoping for small groups instead of large groups. I said, hey, do we have large groups? Oh, look at this group.
If the fake news would show it, it would be so -- they never show it. And, you know, we do the videos a little bit for the great crowds, because when we have a good crowd like in New Mexico -- that stuff is expensive to put up, right? But when we have a good crowd, we put it up. They never show it. A friend of mine on television loves to watch the rallies we watch.
He says, but the one problem is, whenever they go for a clip. You saw a clip just now. It was a sad clip. Jocelyn, it was a sad clip. But you saw that. All that camera -- see those cameras? They're right at me. All they have to do is go one inch to the right and one inch up, and they've got it. They say they never play the videos.
I didn't know that until he said that. That's terrible. So, it's blank. You know what they do? They show me standing here for two minutes. Like -- no, it's very -- and they don't do that because they don't want the public to really see the facts. It's so easy to do. One inch to the right or left and one inch up, and they won't do it.
And I shame them, and I shame them also about crowd size. They say, show the crowds. How about her? She couldn't get a crowd the other night. She got Beyonce. Beyonce walked out, said something, walked back, didn't sing a song, and they booed both of them the hell out of the area. No, she can only get a crowd if she gets some person to sing.
I don't have to sing. I don't have a guitar. If I had a guitar, would I do even better? We'd have even bigger crowds, right? We'd have even bigger crowds. Kamala Harris is a low-IQ individual. She's running a campaign of hate, anger, and retribution. She's now talking about what she's going to do on the border.
But why didn't she do it before? Four years, almost. Or what she's going to do about inflation. She's talking about, "I'm going to do this and that." She doesn't know what she's talking about, by the way. You have a depression of 1929. She said what she's going to do about inflation. But why didn't she do it before? It's almost four years.
Or what she's going to do to help the economy. But then I ask, "Why the hell didn't you do it before?" She and Crooked Joe head up the worst administration in the history of our country. They've made one man -- he's getting up there in age -- just celebrated his 100th birthday. But they've made him a very happy man because, compared to them, his administration looks absolutely brilliant, Jimmy Carter.
And in all fairness to Jimmy, he didn't let 21 million people pour into our country, many of them criminals and mentally ill people that should be in hospitals. He didn't do that. Two nights ago, Kamala made a speech with a paid for audience. You can always tell when the buses pull up and they're all the same.
I was very -- actually, it's a good-looking bus company. I think I'm going to use it sometime. But we don't need buses, do we? No, the buses are -- they get these people from someplace, they pay them, and they send them in. Oh, she got a wonderful crowd today. And then you see the people that -- she's making a speech, they're all looking at their phone, blah, blah, blah, calling their girlfriend, calling their boy. But all she talked about was Donald Trump.
That's all she talked about. And that's the exact -- that's it. That was the exact -- although I got that from a fake news network, so you never know. No, that's all she talked about is Donald Trump. Let's talk about the economy. Donald Trump -- this woman is -- she suffers from a major case of Trump derangement syndrome.
But many Democrats do, and that's because we're winning. We're winning by a lot. Everything Kamala says is a lie. She says that I want to take away Medicare and Social Security. That's a lie. You know that because for four years, I just made it stronger. She says I want to end Obamacare and take away your healthcare.
That's a lie. It's a lie. If we come up with something better, that'll be great. And everybody wants that because Obamacare sort of sucks. It's too expensive for the people. She talks about Project 2025, which I have absolutely nothing to do with. She says, I know that because of Project -- well, we've denied that.
I have no idea what Project 2025 is. I've never read it, and I never will. But they make it sound like it's from me. She says they want to ban IVF, a total outrageous lie. In fact, I'm going to require insurance companies to pay for IVF. And I was -- long, long -- and many other things. I'm going to protect your Medicare, your Social Security.
We're never ending it. She said we're -- she never heard me say it. If she ever heard me, let her prove it. She gets up and lies. "He's going to end Social Security." No, the nice thing is we can fight back because we have a voice, so we can fight back. We can tell you what's true and what's not true.
But Kamala's open borders catastrophe -- this is what's going to kill your Social Security. Her open borders will kill Social Security, Medicare, and, frankly, will kill our country as a whole. It's going to kill us. According to a recent study, Kamala's plan -- giving free healthcare for illegals -- will rob Medicare of over $2 trillion.
It will never recover, and I will never let it happen. The reason Kamala's campaign has been reduced to this desperate, pathetic stream of hoaxes and lies is very simple. She's a liar. The entire world can see. She's a total train wreck. And, by the way, I looked at her this morning. She had a little news conference.
It lasted for, like, two minutes. She's exhausted. You know? She's exhausted. She's a train wreck who is totally unqualified to be the president of the United States of America. There are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure. She's a cracker. And the more pressure Kamala -- the more pressure Kamala has, the more you see it happening.
No, she's cracking. She's a bad person because anybody that lies like that -- knowing that it's a lie, just put it out. Just have to tell you because you have to understand it. And when you see it, at least this way, you know it. You know, a lot of people say, "Sir, don't go down in the gutter with her."
I said, "Well, how will people know she's lying if I don't say the truth, right? "Am I right? [Audience responds affirmatively] She says it. But being a candidate is nothing compared to the pressure of being president herself because I've done both. If she can't handle going on "The View," where she made a horrible mistake -- you know the mistake she made? She can't think of anything she'd do different from Biden.
That would -- that should cost her 75 percent of the votes. And the 25 that vote for her, they're not the smartest people in the world. She can't think of anything she'd do essentially different from Crooked Joe Biden. Do you know that 325,000 young children were killed or are sex slaves or slaves right now who came through this horrible open border? Think of what that means.
Many, many stadiums full of the biggest stadium and many stadiums. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are, right now, dead, never to be seen by their parents again, or sex slaves or slaves. And they're missing, and they'll probably be never seen again. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job in history.
This is no tougher job than being president. And we get hit by the enemy inside. You know that, right? We get hit by the Adam Schiffs of the world. He's a scam. Total scam. They made up the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax. They made up all the impeachment hoaxes. They make it up. They're bad people. There's no participation trophy for incompetent candidates.
Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish person in the White House? You'll lose it real quick. You'll lose your country. But do you want to lose your job or maybe your house or pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? Did you ever hear her speak? They ask her a question on economic footing, and she's like a child.
She has no -- she says, "Well, I was born on a house with grass in the front of the house. I was born on a house with grass." She uses that answer all the time. And how about "60 Minutes?" "60 Minutes," they interview me all the time. I've been -- but they go at me. Oh, they want to get me. They want to get -- with her, all softballs.
And she gives one answer that was so incompetent that you'd have her examined under Article 25, actually. She'd be gone. But it was so bad. What do they do? CBS -- they're licensed by the United States government because of fairness, "60 Minutes," right? What did they do? They took her answer. It was a long, horrible answer.
I don't like the word salad term, but that's what it was. It was a word -- just words all over the place. They didn't mean any -- they took it out in its entirety. Didn't leave one word. And replaced it with an answer that she gave in another section of the interview. Nobody has ever seen it. I think it's the -- and this is into -- this is really interference with an election.
Fraudulent interference with an election. It's never -- I can't imagine -- and I think they probably did it with a lot of others. They refused to give us the documents. So, you know what? If you want me to, I will sue them. Should I? Because they are among the most -- see the media? They're among the most dishonest people that we have.
They're the biggest -- I think they're maybe the biggest problem that the country has. They lie and they cheat. So, "60 Minutes," a news magazine, part of the news organization, they took the answer out and replaced it with a different answer. The presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, Dwight Eisenhower, FDR, you can name them.
This is a job that has to be held by somebody with a high level of intelligence. Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk to Russia or China and talk about keeping us out of war? I don't think so. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis? I don't think so. [Audience boos] But nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a weak and not very smart person.
She's just not a smart person. We need smart-- in fact, I -- I mean, I call for it, but I would love to have it. We should have cognitive tests for anybody that runs for president and vice president. Oh, how about that guy she picked for vice president? What a loser. What a loser that one is. I mean, that guy -- could you imagine? Well, she picked somebody so bad that there is a certain rule -- make them really bad and they'll never take you out, right? But you wouldn't put Kamala Harris in charge of a kindergarten class.
She wouldn't be in charge of a kindergarten class. So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? The answer is no. And she shouldn't be there. She got no vote. She shouldn't be there. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden.
Think of that. And he's the worst president in our history. By definition, what she said is disqualifying. Take a look.
So, if you want to end this disaster that's going on all around us, you must get out and vote. You got to get out and vote. So, we're thrilled to be joined by a lot of great people, a lot of real patriots. One of them is Markwayne Mullen, the senator from Oklahoma. And where's Markwayne? Where is Markwayne? Do you want to come up? Look, he's standing.
I think he wants to come up. But pass Markwayne. He's a great athlete. He's a great wrestler, a great champion. He's a great champion. He is a great champion.
Thank you. A great guy. Highly respected gentleman. So, I'd like to just ask a couple of people to stand up, a candidate for Senate. Where's Nella? Where is Nella? Where is Nella? Where are you? Where are you? Oh, congratulations. I hear you're doing very well, Nella. Go out and vote Nella. Thank you, darling.
Great. Great. Yeah, I heard you're doing great. You really should. She's fantastic. Congress is always looking for good people, and we have somebody that is great. Where's Yvette? Good. Yvette. Thank you, Yvette. A very special guy and a friend of mine, and he knows we did great the last time. Boy, did we do good? That's the one thing we have to watch, and he knows it better than anybody, Steve Pearce.
Steve. Thank you. Head of the Republican Party. He's the chairman of the Republican Party. Former New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez, thank you. Former Vice President of the Navajo Nation Myron Lizer. Myron Lizer. Of course. Thank you. Thank you, Myron. And a great developer from New York and Florida, all over the country.
A friend of mine, one who's very generous. Anytime there's a problem with hurricanes or tornadoes or anything, he's always there and always helping and writing big checks, Mr. Steve Witkoff. He's here someplace. Steve, thank you very much. Thank you, Steve. Thank you. So, here are the facts, just in closing.
Kamala is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas herself. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police, a movement that's so horrible, that anybody even thinking about it is not qualified to be president. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE.
These are great heroes. These are people that love our country, and they're tough and they're strong. And they got thousands of MS-13 gang members out of here. Nobody else would do it. As California attorney general, Kamala redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give up your gun? [Audience responds "No"] And wants a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos] And what else did she do? She lied about working at McDonald's, right? So, with your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we're going to save America.
We will cut taxes, end inflation, slash your prices. We're going to get those prices down, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to New Mexico. We're going to bring them back. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never happened if I were president.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. I will prevent World War III from happening. We've never been so close. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA, and a lot of it made in New Mexico.
We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, making them safe and clean and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build our country, our nation.
We're going to make our nation bigger and better and stronger again. And we will finally protect our citizens the way they're supposed to be protected. We're going to protect our citizens. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun.
We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope, and filled with something you don't hear much of anymore, filled with the American Dream. We're going to bring back the American Dream for your children.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. You need to get out and vote, New Mexico. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And five days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all, we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
With your help, from now until Election Day, five days, we will restore America's promise. We will take back the nation that we love. We love our nation so much, we hate to see what's happened to it in the last four years. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in.
We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. We are in a failing nation. We are in a nation in decline. We will not be in a nation in decline for long.
It's going to end very soon. We're going to have a thriving, magnificent nation again, more so than it ever has been. We're going to do things that nobody believed, and we're going to have safety in our nation again. We're going to have great safety in our nation. Together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again, [Audience responds affirmatively] and we will make America great again.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, New Mexico. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you, New Mexico. What a crowd? Thank you.
[Applause] [Audience chants "USA"] Well, thank you very much, and hello, Duluth. Hello, Duluth. And a very special hello to Georgia. And I'm hearing our numbers are very, very good. There's a rumor, [Audience responds affirmatively] there's a rumor out there. We're doing well, thank you very much, and I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.
And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] That was very unanimous, wasn't it? The answer is no. By any standard, the answer is no. And I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote in this election, I will end inflation, I will stop the invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back the American dream.
I'm going to bring it back very quickly. Our country is being destroyed and crippled by Kamala Harris. [Audience boos] A person that got no votes, no votes, therefore she's a threat to democracy. But together we're going to fix our nation, and we're going to fix our nation fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence, failure, and disaster, or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. After all the catastrophes she has caused, Kamala Harris can't say one thing that you'd do differently. You saw that.
What would you do differently? "I can't think of anything." This is the worst president in the history of our country, and the worst vice president in the history of our country. And wrong track just came out. Eighty-nine percent wrong track. I want to know, who are the 11 percent? Who are they? Where are they? I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again.
This will be America's new golden age. And remember, every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. In Georgia, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that, "Kamala, you've done a horrible job. You're the worst ever. There's never been anybody like you. You can't put two sentences together. The world is laughing at us because of you and crooked Joe. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out. Get out. You're fired."
Two days ago, I was in Western North Carolina, where I witnessed the terrible devastation of Hurricane Helene, and I was here in Georgia with your governor a few weeks ago. He's doing a good job, by the way. Very good job. Thank you. To every family who has lost a loved one or home in that terrible storm, our hearts are with you, and we are praying for you.
The polls -- despite everything, the polls, do you see what's happening here? Here, Alabama, Florida, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Georgia, the polls are through the roof, but what's better than that? The early voting is, people have never seen anything like it. They've never seen anything like it, because the American people are fed up with the people that are leading us down a -- down a road to disaster.
So, the polls are open for early voting in Georgia every day from now till November 1st. You've got to get out there and vote. But most importantly, just vote, whichever way you want to do it. I've been one that says, whichever way, just get out and vote. Be a little careful. Make sure your vote gets counted.
There are ways of doing that, too. With your help, 13 days from now, we're going to win Georgia. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again. Thank you. What a nice crowd this is. What a nice crowd. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, and destroy your family finances forever.
They're destroying our country. They're destroying our country. It's not even possible that they can be doing what they're doing to our country. They're either really bad people. They don't have a clue. Maybe they're stupid people. But you know what? I'll tell you. Or maybe they just want to get extra voters.
Nobody really knows the answer. But just from a common sense, you know, we are the party of common sense. And from a common sense standpoint, how can they be doing what they're doing? Kamala's inflation nightmare has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she wants to raise typical family taxes by nearly $3,000 a year.
She has no idea. Did you see her today? She was asked kindergarten-type questions by MSDNC. She was unable to answer them. But the best is "60 Minutes." They changed her answer. [Audience boos] Should I sue them? Should I sue? Should we sue "60 Minutes" and CBS? No, think of it. They asked her a question on "60 Minutes," which is news.
You know, these companies have to get licensed. And in the licensing, it says they have -- licensing says they have to be -- they have to be honest. They gave her a question. She gave an answer that was from a loony bin. They said, "We can't have that." They took the answer out in its entirety, threw it away, and they put another answer in.
And I think it's the biggest scandal in broadcasting history. That's what I think. It's election interference fraud. The tax queen -- because that's what she was called. She loves taxes. This is the only person I've ever seen, she campaigns on, "We will raise your taxes." All my life, I've watched politics, and everybody's saying, "We will cut your taxes, cut your --" she says she's going to raise your taxes.
The tax queen is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production, along with the largest capital gains tax on unrealized gains, unrealized. [Audience boos] In the history of our country, it's really a confiscation of your property. It will crash the stock market and decimate your 401k, but we'll have a 1929-type depression.
This woman is crazy. Take a look at this.
[Audience boos] Kamala Harris is also pushing the largest small business tax hike in history. Your businesses are just going to go to other countries. That's all that's going to happen. We brought it down to the lowest level we've ever had, and they're going to just drive everybody out. That means the jobs are going to be included.
And she wants to massively increase the death tax, or the inheritance tax as it's known in some quarters, which we eliminated in the Trump tax cuts. You know, we eliminated the inheritance tax on small businesses and family farms. And such a big thing. You know, a farmer has a little beautiful farm. The kids grow up in the farm.
They're getting a little older. They signed their will. If they love their kids, not everybody does. But if they love their kids, listen to this. But if they don't, don't worry. Just go to sleep for about 30 seconds. So, what happens is they leave it. And they -- what happened before me is they would lose their farms because the tax would be very substantial, like 52 percent.
And they couldn't pay. So, they go to the bank, the friendly banker. They'd borrow the money. They put it against the farm. And within two years, the farm was gone, and everybody was crying. And it was a disaster. I got rid of it. I got rid of it. There's no more estate tax. There's no more estate tax on your beautiful family farm.
And there's no or small business. And that's a big deal. And they want to end that. They don't want that. They don't like that. They want you to pay a nice big tax and destroy your lives. We're joined tonight by Michael Bellaman, president of the Associated Builders and Contractors, represent over 23,000 small businesses and construction companies.
And as a builder, I am very honored to receive their endorsement. They gave me a unanimous endorsement today. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. That's a great honor. And we were also endorsed by, unanimously, the Border Patrol, unanimously. And I say modestly, they said he's the greatest president we've ever had and the strongest on the border.
They said it's not possible to be stronger. We added down to the lowest level in history. Oh, by the way, should we drop my favorite chart in the entire world? I love it. [Audience responds affirmatively] Drop that chart, please. Drop it. Let's see. We're going to -- oh, there it is. I was looking at me.
I started looking at me, and I'm looking -- I do not like to wear -- I don't like my hair tonight. I started looking at me, but I'd rather look at the chart. The chart, I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for that chart, right? I wouldn't be here. But if you notice the arrow on the bottom -- I take it to bed every night and I kiss it, roll it up and just kiss it.
See the arrow on the bottom? That is the day I left office. Look what happened after that. What they've done to our country is unbelievable. And that includes human trafficking, which is mostly in women. You know, they lost 325,000 children in the last three and a half years. [Audience boos] Think of that.
That's your biggest stadium filled up many, many times, 325,000. They're either dead, they're sex slaves, or they're slaves, but they're missing. Probably most of them never to be seen again. This is under their open border. Horrible, horrible policy. And nobody talks about it. The fake news. Look at all of them back there.
Look at all of them. [Audience boos] That's a lot. That's a lot of fake news. The fake news won't talk about it. I've never seen, you know, 325,000 children gone. They're gone. And the fake news doesn't write stories about it. They don't talk about it. And even when I put up like we're going to see a couple of videos tonight, they never put the camera on the video.
A friend of mine calls me, "Oh, I love watching you on television. But when you put up videos --" And they're important videos and instructive and they teach you what the hell is going on, the camera can't move their damn little camera like this. It's just like a piece of steel. And we say, "Move your camera."
They won't do it because the executives back in New York and in California said, "Don't move that camera." You know, the camera operator does want to move it but wants to keep his job. Can you believe it? They won't move the camera. So, you won't see at home, I'm sorry to tell you. You won't see it. You won't see it. [Audience boos]
Horrible. So, when you look at that, that was the best we had had, and it was going better. We had it done. The border was the most secure it ever was. And then, they came in. They got rid of Remain in Mexico. That's pretty good, right? Remain in Mexico. Wasn't easy either. It was Remain in Mexico. When I said to the president of Mexico is a good guy, he's a socialist, but that's OK.
These are minor details. But I said, "Listen, President, we want everybody to remain in Mexico before they come in. We want to check them out before they come in, Mr. President." He laughed at me. He said, "That's so funny, Donald. Why would we have to do that?" I said, "You're going to do it 100 percent. You're going to do it 100 percent."
No, no, no, we cannot do that. We're not going to. Why would we do a thing like that? That'd be hundreds of thousands of people. That's right. On your side of the border, not on ours. He said, "We will not do that. We will not do that." I said, "Listen, I don't want to embarrass you, so send me over your representative."
And a man came over to the White House two days later wearing the most beautiful suit I think I've ever seen. And I wanted to ask him, "Who is your tailor?" But I didn't think that would be an appropriate way to start the negotiation. Most gorgeous looking. The guy was a handsome guy. That suit was like perfect.
But I think -- I thought I wouldn't do that. And I said, "We want a couple of things, but we want you to, number one, provide us thousands of soldiers free of charge because you're letting people pour into our country." They said, "We won't do that." I said, "Yes, you will. One hundred percent." He said, "We won't."
I said, "Yes, you will." He said, "No way." I said, "Way. Way." And I said, "You're going to do it." And the woman from the State Department, very good woman, but a terrible negotiator, she was 25-years-old. All she did was Mexico. And I said, "We want this and we want that. We want all these different things, 10 different things. The medical stay. We wanted everything."
And she said, "Sir, I've been after that for 25 years." I said, "Well, maybe you and I are different. I won't guarantee you I will have it by the end of this meeting." So, I told him, "You're going to give us all of these different things and you're going to keep the people there. And we're going to let the people in if we want to. Because we want to have people come in, but we want them to come in legally. Right?"
And he said, "Sir, we won't do that. We will not do that. And we're not going to do Remain in Mexico." I said, "Here's the story. It's Friday. By Monday morning at 7 o'clock, if you don't approve this, and that means over the next five minutes, we are going to charge you tariffs of 25 percent, 50 percent, 75. They're never going to stop."
He said, "Sir, you can't do that. That's not fair, sir." I said, "No, it's not fair that you're sending people through your country and into our country and destroying our country. It's not fair. That's what's not fair. So, this goes into effect at 7 o'clock on Monday morning. Have a nice weekend." He comes back.
May I see you in five minutes? May I make a call to Mexico? I said, "Are you going to call the president?" "Yes, I am." He comes back in two minutes. "Sir, it would be our honor to supply you with soldiers. It would be our great honor to supply you with as many soldiers. Free of charge, of course, sir."
As many as -- you no idea what I did in the White House. I stopped wars with France. France, you know, the France story? They were going to charge us, look at this, 25 percent to all of them. I have to protect American companies, whether we like them or not. Some of them I didn't even like. You know, Google is treating us much better.
Do you notice that? What happened to Google? They're treating us much better. Very nice. I appreciate that very much. They say McDonald's was one of the most viewed things that they've ever had. [inaudible] That was a hell of a one, right? But France, Emmanuel Macron, good man, nice guy, but he likes -- he's a wise guy, though.
And he likes France. And I like the USA. So, I heard about it. I gave it to our people. I said, "Tell them we're not paying this massive 25 percent tax on our companies. We have to protect our companies." And I gave it to Mnuchin. I gave it to everybody. I said, "You call them and tell them." They came back, "Sir, they won't do it."
Then, they came back again, "And they won't do it." I said, "You got one more chance. Come back." They came back, "Sir. They won't do it." And I called up Emmanuel. I said, "Get me Emmanuel Macron." I said, "Emmanuel, here's the story. You're charging our companies very unfairly at 25 percent tax. Is that right?" "Oh, yes, Donald. This was approved by our parliament,"
Or whatever the hell they have over there. There's 47 different names for that stuff. "Yes, Donald, this was fully approved. And there's nothing much I can do about it." "Emmanuel, here's the story. If you don't take that tax off by the end of business hours today, I'm charging you a 100 percent tariff on every bottle of wine and champagne that comes into the USA."
And he said, "Donald, Donald, that is not fair." I said, "No, it's not fair that you're charging our companies this massive tax because they happen to be American companies. I said, we're not a stupid country anymore, Emmanuel." He's used to -- he's used to dealing with stupid people over here because we have -- we've had some beauties, the deals that we allow.
And he said, "It's not fair." I said, "You got three minutes, Emmanuel. Tell me what to do." "May I call you back?" "Yes," he calls me back. "Donald, we have decided to remove the tax from American companies." I did that. I could stand up here. Nobody writes about this stuff. And I wish I put it on tape.
But every time I think -- I say, "Oh, I'd love these conversations," I could tell you with easily what I did. I could say -- here's the problem. Every time I think about putting -- I want to tape every conversation. The problem is then I start thinking about Richard Nixon did that. And I say, you know, let's do without the tape.
We'll do without this. Now, every time I want, I said, "Did we record that?" "No, sir, we did not." I wish -- because some of them were classics. You could really hear something. But now, we don't want to do that. Richard Nixon, that was not good. When they found out he taped every single conversation.
But under Kamala, the construction industry will be decimated. You have to vote Trump, and we will rebuild America. We're going to rebuild America. We're going to do it quickly, too. And we already gave you the biggest tax cut in history. We gave you the biggest regulation cuts by far, by five times in the history of our country.
And, you know, I went to the big business guys. They come in and they kiss my ass. It's unbelievable. These guys, you know, before I was president, "Trump is on the phone. Tell him I'll call him back sometime." Once I became president, "Oh, sir, it's such a pleasure to speak to you, sir. It's such a great honor."
I see him. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable. But we got you the biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation. And I said to some of the biggest guys running the big companies -- good guys, some good guys, some bad guys, some are really stupid as hell, some are good. But I said, "Let me ask you, you had -- I gave you the biggest tax cut in history along with everybody, and it created jobs, all that. And I gave you the biggest regulation cuts in history. Which is better?"
Every single one of them said the regulation cuts were more important. People couldn't do anything. They couldn't build anything. They couldn't build plants. They couldn't build -- I approved one in Louisiana. Fourteen years, it was under -- they know exactly which one, big LNG monster -- $14 billion to -- $14 billion it was going to cost.
I think Japan and other countries were putting up the money. After 14 years, they gave up. And I called my people together, and I said, "We can't lose that. It's so good. No. 1. No. 2, the jobs. No. 3 -- I mean, it's just important that we -- it's vital that we have it." I got it done in one day, it was done.
Congratulations. They use, a lot of times, the environment to try and stop projects. Not a lot of times. Let's say every time. But we have to be very careful with that because we're all environmentalists, but we have to be very careful. You destroy our country. I will pass historic tax cuts for our workers and small businesses.
And we will have, very important, no tax on tips, [Applause] no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And we're also going to do something else. And this just came, and I announced it in Detroit -- because Detroit has been decimated. It's been decimated by stupid politicians.
And we -- it just came to me. I was called by some of the smartest guys on Wall Street. They said, "How did you ever think of --" I used the paper clip, you know? The paper clip, very simple. They take a little piece of wire, they go like this. The guy became rich. And once everybody saw it, it comes in a little box, 129 years ago, probably the same little box.
And everybody said, "Why the hell didn't I think of that?" Well, this is the same thing. Tax deduction on interest payments on a car. How about that? How about that? Nobody ever thought of that. And then, they came up with a little wrinkle. But only if the car is built in the USA. Is that a good idea? [Audience responds affirmatively] Right? And then, I'm going to be working with Elon Musk, who endorsed us very powerfully.
He's great. All I know is I watched that rocket come down. I never saw it. I thought I was watching a movie or something, a space-age movie. I watched that rocket. I was on the phone with a very important person that everybody in this room will know. So, I got to be careful using his name. I like to be nice and careful.
You know that. And then I decide, am I better off being careful or really entertaining people? And I usually decide on the side of entertainment. And then, I have fun. You know, I'm talking to this very powerful big guy. We're talking, bop, bop, bop, bop. And I have the screen on the television, and it's muted, can't hear the sound.
And I'm going -- I'm seeing this rocket 20 storeys tall, something like that, massive. And it used to be white, beautiful, polished white, and now it's all brown from that, like a million-degree temperature coming down, pouring down at 20,000 miles an hour. And it's pouring. And I see that thing is steaming and crazy, and the fire's all over the place.
And I'm looking, and then I see the gantry, the big gantry, and I see the thing coming in and slowing down a little bit, but it's still going fast. And I tell this very important guy, "Listen, would you do me a favor? Hold it for a minute. This is obscene. Just hold it. Hold it." When you're leading in the polls and when you already were president, you can say that to important people.
Just hold it. So, I take the phone and put it down. The sad part is I never picked it up. I figured they'll say he's cognitively imbalanced. He didn't pick up. These people, are they the worst? [Audience responds affirmatively] So, I take the phone. I put it down. I say, "Just just a second. I'm watching something that I don't believe."
And I see that fire pouring on the bottom of the rocket that's coming in sideways. I said, "It's going to crash into the gantry." And then, the fire goes on the left side and pushes it over, and it lands. And then those two big, beautiful arms, they grab it. I said, "What the hell was that?" Nobody's ever seen anything like that.
So, I forgot about my other call and I called immediately Elon. I said, "Elon, was that you?" He picks up his cell. I said, "Was that you, Elon?" "Yes." I said, "Can anybody else do it?" "No." "Can Russia do it? Can China do it? Can the USA do it outside of you?" "No. Nobody else can do it." I said, "What do you call those arms?" He said, "Think of them as chopsticks. That's the way -- they're like chopsticks. They just grab it and they just put that thing down so beautifully."
I said, "That's great." So, he's great. He gave me the most beautiful. You know where he is now? He's working in Pennsylvania, trying to get us lots of votes because he thinks it's so important. He's campaigning. Because he said, "This is the most important election in our lifetime. And if Trump doesn't win the election, our country is potentially ruined."
I mean, he's as strong as anybody I've ever seen. And we have to say, this is a seriously smart guy, right? You know, he helped us so much with the hurricanes because North Carolina had no communication whatsoever. And I was there early, and I met one of the people that are in charge. And they said, "All our wires are down and people are dying."
A tremendous amount of people missing and dying, and a horrible thing -- what a horrible hurricane that was. It was a water hurricane, more water than we've ever experienced from one storm. And it created rivers out of valleys. I mean, rivers that were 25-feet high and running down like rapids. It destroyed just about everything.
And they had no communication. And the gentleman said to me, "Is there anything you can do? Do you know a man named Elon Musk?" I said, "I happen to know him. What's the problem?" "Could he get us Starlink? We're trying to get it. Nobody can get through Starlink." Nobody couldn't get it because it's very successful.
So, I called Elon. I said, "Elon, whatever the hell Starlink is, can you do me a favor? Can you get it to North Carolina? They need it so badly." And then, we talked just for a couple of minutes. And the guy wires me. "Thank you very much for getting Starlink." I'm still on the phone with Elon. He said, "Sir, thank you very much for the Starlink. They said it's coming right away."
I said, "Elon, we didn't even hang up. How the hell did you do that?" He said, "That's my secret." He's really a great guy. And he gives up a lot. He gives up a lot. No, he's given up -- I mean, it's amazing that he does it. You know, people don't have to. He just feels so strongly that we're not going to have a country left with these people because she's really seriously -- this is not a smart person.
And it's not a person that understands. And you can't even say, "Well, let's go to the vice president," because he is really a sicko, right? Remember, he called JD Vance and I weird. We're not weird. We're very solid people. He's a weird dude, that guy. He's always pumping his heart, you know, like he's got great heart.
He's a sick guy. You got both of them. I don't know who the hell is worse. Well, she did one thing that's very smart in the world of politics. She got herself the worst person possible to be vice president. You understand that worse so bad that they'd probably leave her. I don't know. And by the way, how good is JD Vance? How good is JD? Right? We drafted the athlete.
We drafted the athlete. You look at his academic credentials and all of the different things. We drafted a great athlete. He's doing great. He's a great guy, too. So, working with Elon Musk, I will cut a record number of job-killing unnecessary regulations which will blow your mind when you see how many.
And on day one of the Trump administration, I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end the green new scam once and for all, once and for all. And we will quickly again. We were never energy independent until I came along. We were energy independent. We went from No. 4 to No.
1 in a couple of years. We have more liquid gold under our feet than Russia or Saudi Arabia. I got ANWR approved. It's as big potentially as Saudi Arabia. In the first week in office, crooked Joe Biden probably made a deal, crooked Joe Biden terminated the approval. Ronald Reagan wanted it. He couldn't get it done.
Everybody wanted it. I got it done. It was all set -- they were all set to start drilling one of the biggest mines anywhere in the world, as big, they think, as Saudi Arabia. And in the first week, they terminated it. We will have that unterminated so fast, Alaska. But we will quickly become energy dependent again.
We weren't energy independent before that, to anybody's recollection. We weren't energy independent before that for maybe a hundred years. They don't know at any time, but we were. And we will quickly become energy independent and we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill and frac, frac, frac.
Now, she's not going to frac. Her whole life she's talking about "There will be no fracking. There will be no fracking." And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, 50 percent, half, 5-0. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the single best and biggest market on the planet.
But it won't be that way for long. If we have stupid people like this running our country, you're not going to have the big market anymore. It can go very fast. Look at Venezuela. Fifteen years ago, it was an unbelievable country. Now, it's a disaster. They can't get water. They can't get food. But what did Biden do? He starts buying oil from them.
Do you believe it? And we have so much -- so, he's putting them back to health. Such a great move to do. They were ready to give up. We could have let the people go back into Venezuela. This guy, I tell you, the worst -- Jimmy Carter is the happiest man because his administration is brilliant compared to these two losers.
Jimmy Carter is a happy man. You saw him the other day voting. I think he voted for me. But only if they make their products here. This is it. Got to make their products. Everything is based on you got to make your products in America. No more making them in China, making them all over the place. And you got to hire American workers for the job.
And if these companies don't make their products here then they will pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States where they're made by somebody else or some other country. We have the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished but now very protected companies.
We're going to protect these companies. We're going to have a lot of companies moving. You watch Detroit. Detroit, you know, for 40 years ago, I've been hearing about Detroit's coming back. Never came back. It'll come back so fast with a series of brilliant incentives that won't cost us anything. But most importantly, tariffs and taxes.
Everybody's going to be moving back into the country because they're not going to want to pay. And one quick story. Just a quick -- should I say it or should I just get the hell out of here? [Audience responds affirmatively] One quick story. I thought you were going to say that. One quick story. So, about a year and a half ago, the largest builder of auto plants, who I know, John, I said, "I want to see one of your factories that you're building."
He's the biggest -- and he said, "OK." I said, "Where would we go?" "Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico. What the hell do I want to go? I want to see one here." "Well, we don't build them big here." He builds them all over the world. He doesn't care. He builds them wherever the hell they pay him.
And that's, by the way, with companies. That's why they move out of our country in two minutes if they're not going to be given the right deal. So, I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico." He said, "Well, the big ones are built in Mexico. I'm sorry." I said, "How big is it?" "The biggest in the world. They're going to build cars."
Think of this. Thousands, millions of cars, they're going to sell them into the United States, destroy Michigan. If Michigan doesn't vote for me, I tell you. I am -- I'm going to make Michigan richer than anybody. I think even richer than you, I hate to say it. Michigan, they're going to -- we're going to bring back the whole car business.
But you can get plants also, OK, because I don't care. As long as they're in the United States. I can't -- I couldn't care less. So -- so, I said, "How big would that be?" He said, "They'll make more cars than all of the state, the entire state, much more than Detroit." These are big monsters. You press a button, and it's unbelievable.
And the biggest in the world. I said, "Well, I don't like that. That's going to kill him." So I started talking about it and this plant that's being built and everyone said, "Oh, it's not real. What is?" And then, it was going to start. And then last week, I spoke in front of the Economic Club of Detroit, and I spoke about cars and I talked about this plant.
And in the audience, just like right where you're sitting, sir. Good looking guy. Stand up, please. Right, you. That's right. Yeah, stand up. Right in your seat, that's where he's that. Right there. I looked in the audience. And who do I see? I see John. And I said, "Oh, I pass a message to him while I'm speaking," because this was more interesting to me than anything I was doing up there.
And I said, "I want to see you after this." I see him afterwards. I said, "John, tell me something. How is that monster plant? And it's actually more than one. But this one monster, how's it doing?" "Sir, they've abandoned that plant." "What?" "That's great news, you know, because it's going to kill us."
What do you mean they've abandoned? "They think you're going to be elected president. You're going to put tariffs on their cars and they won't be able to make any money. They're going to lose their shares." They've abandoned the plant. I said, "That's the greatest thing I've ever heard." Marjorie, that's the greatest thing I've ever heard.
So, Michigan can now keep their car companies going. But in all fairness, those are old plants and stuff. Generally, we're going to give them the greatest new plants. We're going to give them plants that are going to be unbelievable. We're going to put the autoworkers -- you know, the autoworkers want Trump.
The Teamsters want Trump. Did you see the Teamsters? The rank and file of the Teamsters voted 62 percent for Trump. Never have -- no thing like that ever happened before. The firemen nationwide voted for Trump. The firemen never happened before. Never happened before. But I will never apologize for defending America.
I'm not going to do it. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth. And that's what we're going to have. Under Kamala -- you know, this crazy Kamala thing is just crazy.
First of all, you can't call her Harris because nobody knows who the hell you're talking about. If I say to the legendary Marjorie Taylor Greene, "Harris," I say, "What do you think of the job Harris is doing?" She'll say, "Who the hell is Harris?" Nobody knows. No, it's the truth. Nobody knows who the hell Harris is.
It's the weirdest thing, isn't it? So, you have to say Kamala. Under Kamala and her economy, millions of Americans -- she has no idea about an economy. She's not a smart person. She's a low-IQ individual. She is. She is. She's a low-IQ person. Millions of Americans are suffering because of inflation.
They're losing their jobs. They can't afford housing, groceries, or a car. And yet, Kamala is importing millions of illegals across our borders and giving them taxpayer benefits at your expense [Audience boos] and putting them into luxury hotels in New York and Chicago and Los Angeles while our veterans are sleeping outside of that hotel on the street. [Audience boos]
So, you are witnessing the economic oppression of Americans to reward and enrich illegal aliens. But all of that stops two weeks from now. For four straight years, Kamala Harris has imported an army of illegal alien, gang members, and migrant criminals from prisons and jails and sane asylums and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.
You know, the Congo is a hot country now for us. They're sending us their prisoners by the thousands. All over the world, they're coming in. From the Middle East, they're coming in. Their prisons are being opened. Venezuela, their prisons -- I would do the same thing. I would do it. I would have done it faster than any of them.
Venezuela still has some prisoners left. I mean, it's amazing that they've been so nice to us. They're depositing their prisoners. They're dumping -- we're a dumping ground. They're dumping their prisoners, their gang members, their drug lords into the United States of America because they say that "America is run by stupid people, and they have open borders."
They have an open border where anybody can come in, just walk across. Historically, when you have swastikas on your forehead and swastikas all over your cheek and lots of other symbols all over your face, historically, that person isn't going to be a tremendous help to our economy. And yet, they walk -- they walk through -- they walk through that open border and probably say, "Man, are these people stupid?" And then they start to kill.
They kill. And we built -- we built over 500 miles of wall, and we were going to add 200 miles of wall. And it was already made as per specifications of the great Border Patrol. They want steel, they want concrete, and they want rebar. I wanted just plank. I wanted concrete, beautiful, like long spans of a car.
I'm very good at construction, actually. I wanted long spans of concrete plank. They didn't want -- they said, you have to have steel because they cut through concrete too easily. We had a whole big deal. But we gave them just what they want. Even the anti-climb panel on the top. Do you know the big panel of steel? I hate it.
I hate the look of it. But guess what? It's called an anti-climb panel for a reason. Put it up there. We have great stuff, very expensive to build. Hardened concrete and hardened steel, very hard to cut, even with a blowtorch. I had a very hard time taking it down. And then, I ordered 200 miles more, and we could have had it put up in three weeks to four weeks.
And they didn't want to put it up. And then, they started selling it for 5 cents on the dollar for steel, OK? [Audience boos] And then, she resettled these people into your communities all over America, and they're the roughest people. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion of our country ends and the restoration of our country begins.
One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country through her open border policy. Remember, she was the border czar. She doesn't like saying that, but she was the border czar. And even if she wasn't, she was in charge of the border. Do you know, I asked the Border Patrol, "Did she ever call?" Not once.
I spoke to the top 10 guys. "Did any of you -- " I know them very well. They're phenomenal people, by the way. They want to have a great, strong border. They hate -- you know, it's easier for them. Let them pour in. Who the hell needs to get hurt? Because it's a rough deal. These are rough people. And I said, "Did she ever call?" Not once.
Not one of them ever received a call. She admits it. She never called them. But the savage Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua -- have you heard of them? They're a lovely group of people, Tren de Aragua, that is taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terror spree all over America, but specifically in Aurora, Colorado, where the governor is petrified of them.
He's a radical left Democrat. He is petrified of them. He doesn't know what to do. They've even taken over Times Square. There's a front-page article today in the New York Post. They're taking over Times Square in New York, and they have weapons that our military doesn't even have. You say, "Where the hell are they getting the weapons?" But we have guys that want to confront them, and they're going to be allowed to confront them.
And we're going to get them the hell out of here. Take a look at this little video.
[Audience boos] Can you believe it? And that's nice. That's some of the nice stuff. It's much worse than that. The United States is now an occupied country. But on November 5th, 2024, we will call that liberation day. It's going to be liberation. Under Kamala Harris, over 13,000 illegal alien convicted murders from prisons, all in prisons, some killed more than five people, many killed more than one, were allowed to enter the United States.
And they're currently on the loose in the United States. Right here, in Georgia, our nation was robbed of a brilliant 22-year-old nursing student, the best student, the best everything, most respected person, beautiful person, Laken Riley. Got to know her family very well. They didn't get to know -- they never called her family, they never called.
And then, he pronounced her name wrong. Remember, he called her Lincoln. Remember that? In Congress, he called her Lincoln, didn't even have the respect of knowing her name. Who was out for a jog when she was assaulted, horribly beaten, and horrifically killed by an illegal alien from Venezuela. The savage monster who murdered Laken was let in and released into our country by the open border policy of Kamala Harris.
The brother was also in Georgia, of this killer. He was there illegally and is also a member of Tren de Aragua. This gang is violent, but so is MS-13 coming out from all over South America. These are violent. They don't shoot people. They use knives because it's more painful. They killed two young, beautiful 16-year-old girls walking to school in Long Island.
And they cut them up into little pieces, and they thought it was so wonderful. And you know who got them is ICE, who went in and got them. And Kamala wants to get rid of ICE. Not a lot of people want to do that particular job, but ICE loves doing that job. Earlier this year, an illegal alien that Kamala Harris released into our country brutally stabbed a man in the back and the face, all over his body in an attempted robbery in Louisiana.
The week before, he raped a 14-year-old girl with a knife to her throat, which killed other people. And immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every town across America. And every town is worried about it. Every town is.
Look at -- look at Springfield, Ohio, beautiful Ohio. I love Ohio. I love Ohio. Look at Springfield, Ohio, a town -- small city, but a town of 50,000 people. They've implanted 32,000 illegal migrants into the town. Nobody could survive that. They have to leave. They have to leave. I'm sorry. Nobody could survive that.
A 50,000-person town, quickly, 32,000 illegal migrants. They call them legal because they had a little trick, but it's illegal. I will rescue every town, and every town is petrified even if they don't have them because they know they're coming. They're heading for the towns. They're heading for the towns.
Who could do this to our country? Who could do this? Who could do this to our country? It's only good if you are a politician thinking about running for office and running against them. That's about the only thing that's good for. Who could do this to our country? Who could allow this to happen to our country? I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious, bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of the country.
And we'll do it very fast. And to expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua and MS-13 gangs from our country and many others, by the way, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. Think of that. We had to go back to 1798.
That's when we had laws that were effective; 1798, we had to go back to. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. Automatic, if they come back into our country. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
And I will end catch and release. They'll be released into Mexico. We will have catch and release but not into America. It'll be catch and release into Mexico. I will end all migrant flights. They fly thousands and thousands of people over the border. They've told you with this bill that they keep saying "Trump called the senators and said don't sign it."
They're wrong about that. What they don't say is that they put a little bit -- they made it a little bit harder because they're getting killed for this election, so they made it a little bit harder. They want to make their numbers look a little bit better. But what they didn't stop are Boeing 747s and 757s and 767s flying over our border, loaded up with migrants and dropping them off in the Middle West and the middle part of our country.
They forgot to tell us that, but we saw them. We said, "What are all those big planes doing flying there?" These people are bad people, so they didn't want to stop anything. I will immediately outlaw sanctuary cities in this country. They're sanctuary for criminals. And I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals because then they won't come.
They won't come. I mean, Gavin New-scum, one of the worst governors in the history of our country, Gavin New-scum -- she destroyed San Francisco. Now she wants to destroy our country. That's Kamala. But she worked with Gavin New-scum. What they've done to California. You know, now, we have more people leaving California, the most beautiful place.
And I tell people I hurt myself when I say that because I have great property there. When I say that, this political game has not been good for me. But I don't care. It doesn't matter. It's peanuts. This is the whole thing. We're going to save our country. What the hell difference does it make? No, it's a killer.
I have property in San Francisco, big property. And I say that she's destroyed San Francisco. She started the destruction. It was the best city in America 18 years ago. In California, what they've done -- what they've done to California, her, Gavin New-scum, the same group, it's just like terrible. They've destroyed it.
And we're not going to let them destroy the United States of America. They've gone far enough. As we secure our borders and rebuild our economy. We are also going to make America healthy again. The Kamala health care plan will make our kids sicker and their diets more toxic. Under the Trump administration, we will get the toxic chemicals out of our food supply, and we will make our children healthy again.
We will spend more money on health care than any other nation. But think of that. You know, we do -- I don't know if you know, we spend more money by far, by far than any other nation. But we have more chronic health problems also than any nation, more childhood diseases than we did. Just a generation ago, millions of Americans are realizing that something is wrong.
By getting this fixed, not only will we have healthier families, we will save trillions and trillions of dollars and bring down the cost of health care. With us tonight is the man who's going to help us get it all straightened out, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Nobody gets a standing ovation like that. What's going on over here? That's great, Bobby. Great. Thank you. Thank you. And as you know, Bobby's great mother, she was a great woman, Ethel, passed away. So, our regards and condolences to the family. Thank you, Bobby. Our movement is bringing together Americans of all backgrounds who believe in freedom, democracy, and a thing called common sense.
Much of it's common sense. Conservative, liberal, it's common sense. Let me also call up two other incredible patriots who want to help save our incredible country. Former Democrat presidential candidate, Tulsi Gabbard. And by the way, she just became a Republican. And a great man, a brilliant person, and a true character, Tucker Carlson.
Great people. Great people. Thank you very much. That is a great group. That is some assemblage of talent. And a very great honor to have them. Thank you very much. We're also pleased to be joined tonight by Lieutenant Governor Burt Jones. Burt, thank you. Wherever you may be, Burt, thank you. Great guy.
And Representatives Mike Collins and Marjorie Taylor Greene, please. Thank you, Marjorie. Future congressman, congressional candidate, Brian Jack. He's been with me from the beginning, and now he's a congressman soon. And a wonderful human being, a great man, Ben Carson. Ben, thank you very much. Thank you, Ben.
Thank you, Ben. Great man. And thank you, Candy. Thank you very much, Candy. State Senator Clint Dixon, terrific. And State Representative Mike Cheokas. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Good job. Commissioner Tyler Harper. He's done a fantastic job. And chairman of the Georgia Republican Party, Josh McCoon.
Josh. Thank you. Where's Josh? That's good. Are we doing OK, Josh? I'm hearing we're winning big. That's good. Former Senator Kelly Loeffler and her husband. Her husband -- thank you, Kelly. Thank you, darling. Jeff Sprecher. He owns the New York Stock Exchange. This guy's loaded. He owns the New York Stock Exchange.
What's that like, Jeff? What is that like? But he's a great -- he's a great guy. Thank you both. A man of tremendous faith, and everybody respects him, Jentezen Franklin. Thank you, Jentezen. And he's been with me from the beginning, day one, right? With Paula and a whole group of people. I want to thank you.
And we just had a little session behind this wonderful stage. We had -- it must be 45 pastors and ministers, and they were praying. I said if this doesn't work, nothing is going to work. Nothing is going to work if that doesn't work. But thank you all. You're all incredible people. We have tremendous respect for you.
Terrific man. Man that was treated very unfairly, but he's a great man, and he really knows what he's doing, David Shafer. David, thank you. Thank you, David. Where's David? Thank you, David. Great job, David. And the No. 1 country music artist, Jason Aldean. He's my friend, but he's talented. You know, I played golf with him, and I said, you're much better with a guitar than you are with a golf club, much.
And he wasn't insulted by that, but -- thank you. Great guy. My son, Eric Trump. Where is Eric? Thank you, Eric. He's -- he works -- and a woman that likes me because I will not allow men to be in women's sports, Riley Gaines. Thank you. Thank you, Riley. Not even for a day, Riley. We'll do it very fast.
Benny Johnson, thank you very much. And Peter Navarro, thank you very much. And Steve Witkoff, one of the great entrepreneurs of our country, actually. Steve Witkoff. But I especially want to thank Charlie Kirk because he is working so hard. He has worked so hard. He's working on making sure everything is proper.
That's what he wants to do. Turning Point Action, the job they do is amazing. The only thing is -- one thing, when I come here and do this for him, I always have to shake about 15 times the number of people. I was shaking hands for an hour. Oh. I said, this must be a Charlie Kirk affair. But you know what? He's a fantastic person.
The job he does with Turning Point. And I just want to congratulate him and thank him. He's working very hard. So, we are running against the most radical, most incompetent, most unfit vice president in the history of our country. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. This is a woman who took yesterday off.
How do you take yesterday off? You got 13 days. You're running for the presidency. She takes her time off. I've gone 52 days in a row, and I'm not taking any days off. That, I can tell you. No, but she's -- think of that. She's taking days off at levels not seen -- I hear she's taking another one tomorrow or something.
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. Maybe she knows something we don't know. That's bad, right? Maybe she knows something we don't know. Does everybody understand that? Maybe. Maybe. She takes a day to study for a simple interview with an MSDNC reporter but then makes a fool of herself with answers that are so crazy.
So crazy. And we'll never forget "60 Minutes." We're never going to forget it. We can't. I think I'm going to sue them, actually, because -- because there's no way they can answer. There's no way they can say, "No, no, we don't like the answer she gave," and they immediately replace it with something.
There's no way they can answer that. But we are not running against Kamala. She means nothing. She is purely a vessel. She can't put two sentences together. She can't do it. Just like we were not running against crooked Joe Biden, who, by the way, said yesterday about me, quote, "We got to lock him up."
I told you. [Audience boos] He said that he denied it. "I didn't mean that." Because he's not legally allowed to say -- he can't --he can't say that. But I've been telling you that it's election interference. This is all it is. He said, "We got to lock him up." This is illegal and should cause cases.
I mean, look, think of it. I've been under investigation more than the legendary Alphonse Capone, Scarface. And my parents are looking down. My father was tough, and my mother was great. She was so sweet. And I said yesterday, I know she's in heaven. I'm not 100 percent sure of my father. But he was a good man.
He's a tough guy and a good guy. He had a big heart, too. But -- and he was smart. He was smart. But they're looking down on me now, and they're saying, "How the hell could my son be worse than Alphonse Capone? How could he be?" No, but these are crooked people. These -- this is all election interference.
And you know the amazing thing? It made me much more popular. It's crazy, right? Because the people got it. Crazy. But as I've said, these lawsuits are being run by the Department of Justice, the FBI. Biden is behind it all, believe it or not. And he proved that yesterday with his stupid statement. And people are outraged by it.
And we're running against something far bigger and far more powerful than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical left machine that runs today's Democrat Party. It's far bigger than them. This is who we're fighting, and we're fighting them hard. These are the people who are doing such harm to our country with their open borders and record-setting inflation and the green new scam.
They're trying to destroy our country. But we're not going to let it happen any longer. We are going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th. We are going to make America great again. November 5th. We are going to make America -- isn't it a beautiful expression, MAGA? Think of it.
The greatest movement in the history of our country. And all of that fake news -- there's so many of them back there. [Audience boos] All of that fake news. If it weren't true -- if it weren't true, they'd say, "He said this and he said that." No, it's the greatest movement by far. You know, I was thinking the other day, there was a man -- good man, Pat Buchanan.
A lot of you forget. But he came in second in New Hampshire, and he built a huge career. We came in first in 38 different states. And then we won the presidency. We won the presidency. And then, we did much better the second time, getting millions and millions of votes more. And something very bad happened.
But there is far more enthusiasm right now than for No. 1 or No. 2 by 50 percent. And you see that by the votes that are coming in at numbers that nobody -- we've -- think of North Carolina. Their property is devastated. Their lives, in many cases, are ruined. Everybody said, "If we get 50 percent of the vote, it would be a miracle."
And it was Trump territory, I must say. It was mostly Trump. These are people that vote for me and the Republican Party. And what happens? They broke the all-time -- think of it. Their house is gone. Some lost family members. The devastation -- I can't believe it. Trees were turned upside down. Buses were thrown 100 yards away or floated there.
The devastation was incredible. We really meant, "If we could get 50 percent of the vote, it would be amazing." We broke the all-time record. We've never had more votes from those areas than we did. Think of what that means. Think of what it means. It's impossible to conceive. And I want to thank them.
North Carolina was really hit. Wow. I saw sights over the last few days. I've never seen anything like it. Kamala Harris does not have the compassion, the intelligence, or the strength to be the president of the United States. She cannot do the job. She's not fit. She's not fit to do the job. She's an international joke.
Other countries and their leaders, who are very streetwise people, they're at the top of their game. They can't believe this is even happening. She's going to end up getting us into World War III. We're not going to let that happen. And on top of it all, she says she would not do anything differently from Joe Biden, which is absolutely, as far as I'm concerned, disqualified.
She wouldn't even be allowed to run. Here's almost a 90 percent negative path, 90 percent. And she won't do anything differently, including saving the 325,000 children that I talked to you about. Let's take one quick look.
So, in closing, here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist rated even worse than Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police, and anybody who wants to defund the police even for one day is not worthy of being president of the United States.
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos] She pledged to confiscate your guns. She wants it because she will confiscate your guns 100 percent and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership.
She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention if they call for it. [Audience boos] Think of it. Illegal aliens in detention, they got caught. If they want to have a sex change operation, she's in favor of it. And all -- all at taxpayer expense. And very importantly, and you saw that the other day, she lied about working at McDonald's.
She'd never work there. She's a liar. And she wants to turn our country woke. Take a quick look at this because we had the toughest -- and remember this. I defeated ISIS with our military. They're not going woke. They're not going woke.
Thank you very much. So, with your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala Harris, and we are going to save our country. We're going to save America. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to the state of Georgia.
They're coming back. And it won't even take long. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. It should have never started. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from happening. We were never closer than we are right now.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a massive missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA. Why shouldn't we have one? And we will land an American astronaut on Mars in a very short period of time.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech. I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. It will be ended. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know. Tell your husband, "Harry, get out of that sofa, Harry. Get out. Turn that damn football game off, Harry. You're going to vote, Harry." After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country.
That's what we're going to have. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we all so love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up.
And we will never, ever back down. And we will never, ever surrender. [Audience responds affirmatively] And together, we will fight, fight, fight, and win, win, win. [Audience responds affirmatively] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. You will be so proud of your vote.
When you look back in 25 years, 50 years, a long time, you're going to be so proud. And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you, Georgia. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you all.
Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, and a very special hello to Greenville right now, Greenville. And hello to North Carolina, a special place for me. Thank you. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
That's what you are. And I'd like to begin by asking a question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I don't think so, not even close. That's a big question. Think about that, right? We have to get out and vote. I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans.
With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion, and I will bring back the American dream. [Applause] Our country is being crippled and destroyed by Kamala Harris. Kamala. [Audience boos] How the hell did that ever happen? How did that ever happen? The guy had 14 million votes.
I'm no fan of his, by the way, but he had 14 million votes. She had none. She was the first to lose. Twenty-two people, she was the first out. She never made it to the great state of Iowa, never made it. Well, you know, they talk about it. She is a threat to democracy. I mean, that's really -- she's a threat to a lot of things, but that's the way it has to be because we're winning by a lot.
We're leading by a lot. We're leading in the polls. Every single state looks like we're doing really well. [Applause] And with your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have a four -- think of this, four more years.
Could you stand it? [Audience responds "No"] It's four more years of incompetence and stupidity and failure and disaster or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. I think we have a real chance. And we were set back -- we were set back, and then you think about what they've done because I happen to think the border is the biggest problem.
We have not -- inflation. Inflation is terrible. It's a country buster. And the economy, all those things. But I happen to think that what they've done at the border to our country by letting millions and millions of people in, totally unchecked and unvetted, I think it's the worst thing, including murderers, drug dealers, people from prison.
They opened up their prisons of the world into our country. I think it's the worst thing anyone's ever heard. And a lot of terrorists are coming in, record numbers of terrorists. Nothing good can happen. Nothing good can happen. After all the catastrophes she has caused, Kamala Harris can't say one thing that she'd do differently from Sleepy Joe Biden.
Not one thing. And all she had to do was go to him and say, "Wake him up, wake him up, wake him up. We're going to sign an order, close the border," and it's closed. She didn't need a bill. And we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally, right? They have to come in legally.
And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again. You're not excited. It's hard to get excited with these people, with Biden. You can't get excited about Biden. But nobody was excited, and they went to him, terrible thing, and they said, "We want you out." He said, "No, I'm not going to do that."
We want you out. "Well," he said, "if you put it that way, OK." No, I mean, think of it. This was the overthrow of a president of the United States. He didn't want to get out. In fact, the word is that he likes me more than he likes Kamala. I believe that's true. I believe that's true. What do you think -- Whatley.
How good is Whatley? What do you think? He's running the whole shebang. He ran your state. As you know, the Republican Party, we did so well. I said, "Put him in charge of everything this time. He'll stop the cheating." He's going to stop the cheating. How are you doing? Are they cheating, Michael? They're trying.
But are they -- they're not going to get away with it, right? He said -- he said no. That's why I had him. They didn't get away with it in this state. They got away with it in plenty of places. This will be America's new golden age. It's going to happen. Every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands.
North Carolina, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's the worst vice president in history. It's the worst administration in the history of our country. They make Jimmy Carter look like he was a great president. He's a very happy man.
Kamala, you're the absolute epitome of -- I won't say it. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. Get out. [Applause] Get out of here, Kamala. I've just come from western North Carolina where I witnessed the terrible devastation of Hurricane Helene. Boy, that is some devastation. You look at nature.
It's called nature, right? They have houses that are beautiful, big, strong, powerful houses, and they just wiped out. They're gone. The footings are gone, the foundations, everything's gone. It's unbelievable when you look at it. To every family who has lost a loved one or a home, our hearts are with you, and we are praying for you.
And we will come back, and we will be here in January 20th. And we will do a great job of rebuilding the state. And when I'm president, North Carolina will get the support you need and deserve. And that is without question because you didn't get the proper support from this administration. They spent their money on illegal migrants.
They spent their money. [Audience boos] They didn't have any money left for North Carolina. That's not the way it's supposed to work. Or other places, by the way, plenty of other places. The polls are open for early voting in North Carolina every day from now to November 2nd. So, get out there and vote.
Get out there and vote. If you have to, you wait. November 5th is fine, too. We just have to make sure we vote and make sure it's counted. If you're displaced due to the storm, you do not have to return to your home county. You know that, right? To vote, you can request a ballot to your temporary housing location.
We've taken good care of it. They've got it worked out. And by the way, I don't know if you've heard. So, your houses are gone. It's all -- it's like -- I can't believe the devastation. They set a record for the first few days of voting. Now, these are people that lost their houses. In some cases, unfortunately, they lost family members, and yet they set a record in early voting.
They've never voted for the number of days anywhere close to the voting that you've done, right? Isn't that amazing? Isn't that amazing? And I know Michael and the team, they worked very hard on making it convenient, but to think that that's a record that would be set -- a lot of people thought it would be 20 or 30 percent.
It's the highest number that you've ever had. That's a great compliment. And this is Trump territory, and that is Trump territory, too. So, that should be a good thing. So, go to trumpvote24.com/nc for more details. With your help 15 days from now -- can you imagine, 15 days? Oh. Can you imagine? Fifteen days from now, we're going to win North Carolina.
We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. [Applause] This state was once the beating heart of American manufacturing, especially furniture. I used to come down here all the time to buy furniture for hotels and things that I was building. I'd come. I'd go into the different places.
The talent you had was unbelievable. But I could see, year by year by year, it was being dissipated. It was being taken over by China and others. And all we needed to do is slap some tariffs on. It would have been perfect. What a shame. What a shame. But they're going to come back. They're going to come back.
You watch, they're going to come back fast. Year after year, globalists, radical-left politicians like Kamala Harris sold you out and allowed your jobs to be plundered and stolen from you, brought to other countries. After NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, and China's entry into the World Trade Organization where they were considered a growing nation, we are a -- we are a developing nation.
We're a developing nation, too. Have you ever seen some of our places? We're developing, too. We're developing more than them. Believe me, we need it more than they do. They're a developing nation, so they got all these benefits that we weren't entitled to because stupid people were negotiating for us.
North Carolina lost over 300,000 manufacturing jobs, including those skilled people, the furniture. I used to watch them carve out a handle. "How would you like it, sir? Would you like it this way? Watch." Ding, ding, ding, ding. He gives me the most beautiful -- we lost that whole thing. What a shame.
You're getting it back, though. Including 60 percent of its furniture manufacturing jobs and now even more than that. Under Kamala Harris, the United States has lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs this year alone. And those are our bread and butter. [Audience boos] But under the Trump administration, we are going to take back what is ours.
We will end the looting, ransacking, raping, and pillaging of North Carolina and, frankly, every other state in the Union, every other state also. We will bring back our jobs, our factories, our wealth, and our dreams. We're going to bring them back. They are dreams, actually. They're going to be dreams no longer because you're going to have it.
So, we don't have to call it a dream. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost. By the way, we have more energy than any country in the world, I call it liquid gold, including Saudi Arabia and Russia, by far. Think of it. Think of it. Four years ago, we were energy independent.
Can you believe it? And now, we're buying tar. Now, we're buying tar from Venezuela. It's not oil. It's tar. We have to melt it to get the -- to get oil out of it. We will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet, but only if they make their products here in America and hire American workers for the job.
Very simple. [Applause] And if these companies don't make their products here, in other words, if they make them in another country and they bring them here, then they will pay a very stiff tariff. They will send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished companies.
They're going to have to pay a very big, big penalty. And I will never apologize for defending America. I will never apologize for putting America first. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. You know, you've had politicians that didn't do it. They were either stupid, maybe dishonest.
Could have been dishonest. Hard to believe they would be dishonest, isn't it? When you see guys like Adam Shifty Schiff, he would never take anything. Can you believe this guy's probably going to be a senator? I can't even believe it. I'll tell you what. I was in California. We have some of the biggest crowds you've ever seen.
I was in California. I'd love to have God to come down and be the vote counter just for one day and see how well we're doing in California. They send millions and millions of ballots out there. Don't know what the hell is happening. And no matter what happens, they say, "Well, California's not available."
I have a rally, I have 100,000 people. They have a rally, they have 200 people. And they say they're going to win. They're not going to win. No. Did you ever hear the expression that the vote counter is far more important than the candidate? And unfortunately, we can't let that happen. We've got to take it back.
I will protect our families, and I will protect the -- [Applause] Thank you. It's true. The vote counter is more important than the candidate. That's been true, unfortunately. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live the richest and most powerful nation, who's going to live in the most powerful nation on the face of the Earth.
It's going to be the richest nation. With four more years of Kamala Harris, North Carolina will be an economic wasteland. You know that. You see what's happening. I took off more regulations than any president in history times four, and they put a lot of them back, and there was no reason to do it. We had the best jobs.
We had the best economy in the history of our country, and now -- we had no inflation, by the way. You know, we had the best economy with no inflation. That's actually a hard thing to do if you think about it. We had no inflation, essentially no inflation, and the best -- now we have inflation that's killing everybody.
Kamala's inflation has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices, and now she wants to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. Take a look at this.
[Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.
Thank you. And by the way, she wants to confiscate your guns. You got to think about that. [Audience boos] The tax queen is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production along with the largest capital gains tax hike in history.
Think of this, they want to raise your taxes to a level that you haven't seen before. And they're running on this platform, OK? In all of my years, I've never seen anybody running for office where they -- "We will raise your taxes." They say they're going to raise your taxes. You're going to lose all your companies because they go to other places.
You know, it's very simple. You're going to tax them out of the market. They're going to go to other places that goes with your job. By contrast, I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and very importantly, there will be no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and very important for your seniors, no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors, right? [Applause] I will make interest on car loans -- this is something -- they call me up from Wall Street.
The most brilliant people, they call me up. "Where did you think of that?" Sounds simple, right? But it's not so simple. I always say it's like the paper clip. You know, some guy 129 years ago, he came up. He took a little piece of stuff, and he went, and all of a sudden, he has the paper clip. He made a fortune.
People look at it. They say, "Why didn't I think of that?" This is the same thing. I will make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream, and it will be great for Detroit and South Carolina and North Carolina. It'll be great for a lot of states, but it will -- I mean, how many -- you know, a lot of people are going to buy cars when you do that, and we want them to buy them only in this country.
We're not interested in buying cars from other countries. Do we agree? We want to buy them. You'll even buy them if they're made in South Carolina. Do you agree? [Audience responds affirmatively] All right. We'll make them in North Carolina. Now, we want to get them from Detroit because Michigan has suffered.
They've lost like 70 percent of their cars. And by the way, with all those, you heard the stat: 50,000, 60,000 manufacturing jobs wiped out last month. We are just doing so badly as a country. We don't know -- we're a nation in decline. We're a nation in decline, and I hate to say it. And, you know, I didn't have to do this.
I had a lot of options. I could have been on a beautiful beach someplace. I could have been on a beautiful beach, but I watched what was happening after that ridiculous election, where I got more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country. [Applause] But the good side of that is 15 days.
We've been waiting a long time for this, 15 days. Disgraceful. It's a disgrace. But I watched how bad they were doing. They were destroying this country step by step. They were destroying it. We would have had no war with Ukraine, with Russia and Ukraine. They went in because of a lot of things. They went in because of our energy policy.
They went in because of Biden's stupidity and his rhetoric. And you take a look at what happened. They went in because they saw Afghanistan, and they said, "Wow, they're a paper tiger." There was never a more embarrassing day in the life of our country or period in the life than what happened with Afghanistan, the way that we got out of Afghanistan. [Audience member calls out "Joe was sleeping."]
And Putin saw that. Yeah, he's right. He said, "Joe was sleeping." You're right, I guess. Putin saw that, and he went in. He would have never done it. We would have never had October 7th with Israel. We would have never had inflation. That was caused by energy, largely by energy. Our energy was incredible.
We had it down to $1.87 a gallon, and it went up to $5.5. On day 1 of the Trump administration, I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end the green new scam once and for all. The green new scam will end. And I love Elon, by the way. You know, he makes all those electric cars.
But he understands that, too. He's got a great -- he makes a great car, a great part, and a lot of people like it. And it's a perfect application for a lot, but not for everybody. Some want gasoline-propelled, and we have a lot of gasoline right under there. And some want other things. They want to have a hybrid.
The one thing I can't get used to is hydrogen, you know. You know the story with hydrogen? It's great until it blows up, in which case you're not recognizable, even guys -- strong guys like this. They'd call your mom or your wife. Is it a mom or a -- "Oh, look at that. Oh, I know them, very wealthy parents."
That's nice, you know. "I know them." No, your kids wouldn't be recognizable. That's not a good thought. "How's my son doing?" "Well, he tried the new hydrogen car. It didn't work out too well." So, if they want to give me one for free, even if they have it fully developed where they haven't seen a problem in a couple of months, I have no interest in it.
But we're going to be developing a lot of new -- a lot of things, and that's what we want. And we want to have a lot of applications. By the way, I want to thank Elon Musk for providing us with Starlink for North Carolina and for Georgia. [Applause] A man called me from North Carolina that I knew, and they were having a lot of trouble because our government, our federal government was doing a terrible job.
That's Biden and Kamala. They didn't know what the hell was happening. They spent all their money on the illegals coming in. You know, they had no money left. But they were doing a terrible job. And they called me. They said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "I do. In fact, he endorsed me, like, so beautifully."
His endorsement was one of the most beautifully written endorsements that's in between those rocket ships that go up and down all the time. I mean, how cool was that, though, right? I'm watching this thing. I said, "Oh, what's going on? It's going to -- " I had no idea. I was on the phone with a friend.
Just to make it a little bit longer story, I was on the phone talking to a very important guy, actually, and I have the television muted. It's dead muted, and I see this ball of fire coming, like a 20-story building. It's coming down, coming -- I say, "Would you do me a favor? Hold it. I've never -- what the hell is happening?" I thought maybe it switched over to a movie or something.
And I put the phone down, very important guy. You know what? I never picked it up. The guy was holding for like 45 minutes. I forgot he was on the phone because -- and now all these idiots back there will say, "He's cognitively impaired because he put the --he's cognitively impaired." You know, I do this stuff five, six, seven times a day for 52 days without a break.
And then if you say one wrong word, which I don't, actually. I don't. Like the, you say thee, "Oh, I heard a word that wasn't exactly proper. He's cognitively -- " They're sick people. I'll tell you what. They are really -- not all of them, not all of them. I'd say about 92 percent. A couple of good ones.
That's a lot of cameras going on. There are a couple of good ones back there. No, it is crazy. Isn't it crazy? Isn't it crazy, what they do and the level of meanness, the way they write about people and the way they protect -- how about "60 Minutes," the way they protected Kamala? She gave an answer. [Audience boos]
She gave an answer. Think of it, "60 minutes," CBS, and they ought to lose their license, and they ought to take it off the air. It's the biggest -- how about this? She gives an answer that was cognitively a mess, right? She gives an answer that was grossly incompetent. They removed the entire answer and put another answer in there.
Where the hell -- they don't do that with anybody that I've ever heard. With me, they do the opposite. I give them a gorgeous, full-flowing, magnificent, beautiful answer. I call it the weave, right? Always get right back to the right place, but you cover a lot of territory this way. But you give a beautiful answer, and then what they do is they take pieces of it out.
And all of you -- I say, "What the hell happened to my beautiful answer?" They do the opposite. And that's bad, too, but that's not like this. They took her entire answer out, threw it out, and they said, "This looks terrible." And they put a new answer in. I mean, that's the biggest scandal, in my opinion, because that's election interference.
That's the biggest scandal in the history of broadcasting, right? The biggest scandal in the history of broadcasting, in my opinion. We'll see what happens. They're being sued. They're being sued by a lot of people. No, they should lose their license for that, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] You know, the fake news is protecting them.
How dare he say that. Why would he ever say lose their --  They took her answer, threw it out, and gave her a new answer, and they're trying to defend it. Oh, boy. Can you imagine if that happened with me? It would be over. The electric chair. And by the way, does anybody have any doubt that they worked with her campaign to get rid of that stupid answer? She's a mess.
She's a cognitive mess, and nobody wants to talk about it. And we can't have four more years. We had four years of it. We can't take another four years of it, can we? [Audience responds "No"] We will quickly become energy independent, and we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill, right? [Applause] Drill, baby, drill.
We're going to drill. "Sir, we have too much energy." They're going to come back. Ted Budd's going to call me, "Sir, may I see you with a few other people?" I said, "Who? Who are you going to see me with, Ted?" "A few of our big, very important people from North Carolina, sir. Too much energy is being given to us.
The prices are getting too low. Is there something you can do about it, sir? We're making too much money. We got jobs. We got everything. We're winning too much, sir. We can't take it anymore because for years, we've been losing. So, please, sir, do something about the winning. It's just too much for the people of North Carolina to take." And I'll say, "
Ted, I don't care how much. We're going to win more. We're going to win more. We're going to keep winning, Ted. I don't care what you say." There he is. Look at him. And I'll cut your energy prices. Here's a pledge. One year from January 20th, that's when you take office, we're going to win, and I'm going to cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent, your energy.
We have it right there. And then everything else is going to start to come down. Your cost of energy is so important. Interest rates, too, we're going to be cutting them. But the energy, I can do right away. I'll get those guys drilling. They are wild. They are tough and wild. They are crazy. They'll be drilling so much.
We're going to -- you know what? If they drill themselves out of business, I don't give a damn, right? We're going to get your prices -- we're going to get your prices down so low. We're going to get them down 50 percent. So, remember, I said it. As we rebuild our economy, we'll also restore our borders.
For four straight years, Kamala has imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo, not just in South America, the Congo in Africa. Many people are being brought in from the Congo.
The great thing is they make our criminals look like really nice people. These people are so much more vicious, they'd cut you up, and they don't even think about it the next day. These beautiful ladies in the -- these ladies in the front are going, "Geez, this is really -- this is a rather depressing speech he's making."
I must tell you, they're saying, "Look how beautiful -- " I happen to know them. They're not into the world of being cut up, right? They never heard that. They weren't educated exactly that way. Look, they're looking at me. They're so cute. They're saying, "Oh, this is terrible." Believe me, they're worse than that.
That's how bad they are. And she's resettled some of the worst criminals anywhere in the world into your communities to prey upon innocent American citizens. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins, OK? [Applause] Now, they're happy. Now, she's happy.
She's happy now. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang they formed in these horrible prisons in Venezuela, Tren de Aragua. Have you heard of them? You don't want to hear of them. That's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terrorist spree all over America.
You know in Aurora, what they're doing. You've been reading about it in Aurora, Colorado. You have a governor who's a radical-left lunatic, and he's petrified. He doesn't want anything to do -- these guys have guns that are as good as our military. They're of military quality, sometimes better, called the supreme version.
Where the hell do they get this stuff? And they're vicious. And now, today, in the New York Post, on the front page, I read where they've taken over Times Square. Isn't that wonderful? Can you imagine? And let's take a look at this, please
So, that's the -- that's the people they're spending their money on to get them into our country, among others, and that's why you don't have the money. They want to hold a special session of Congress to give you the money, and we're going to work with you 100 percent. But can you imagine? What they've done to this country is unthinkable.
These are the people where the money is going instead of the people of your state, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Florida, all of these places, Georgia, by the way where they're doing a good job. Government is doing a good job, the state government, not the federal government. The United States is now an occupied country.
But on November 5th, 2024, we will be a liberated country. We will be liberated like never before. It will be Liberation Day. Under Kamala Harris 13,099 illegal alien convicted murderers are on the loose in the United States. You know who gave that information? The Border Patrol gave us that information.
They've never done that before, but they said something has to be done. And by the way, thank you to the Border Patrol. They're great. They endorsed your favorite president. They didn't only endorse me, saying I'm the greatest president there's ever been. I said, "What about George Washington?" "No, you're better."
What about Lincoln? What about Abraham Lincoln? "Nope, you're better." They said I'm tougher on the border than Abraham Lincoln, right, than Honest Abe. But, you know, they gave me a great endorsement, but at the same time, they did something that's pretty amazing because, you know, it's not easy for them to do this.
They said she is the worst we've ever had. She never even called anybody for three and a half, four years. She never even called anybody. She never called one Border Patrol head agent, never once, and she never visited the site, never visited. This is a woman who is a disaster. She destroyed the greatest city in our country, I think might have been, San Francisco.
She destroyed San Francisco. She helped destroy California, which is hard to do with the weather, the water, everything, the sun and the water, has everything, everything perfect, the location. Together with Gavin Newscum, the governor, she destroyed it. And we're not going to let her destroy the United States of America.
We're not going to let it happen, right? [Applause] Just last week, two illegal alien members of the same savage Venezuela gang were arrested in New York for robbing, shooting, and murdering a 59-year-old man in a Connecticut hotel. It was a horrible, horrible scene. One of these monsters was a gotaway, and we're not even including gotaways in those numbers.
You know what a gotaway is. That means they come through, and nobody checks them. We built hundreds of miles of wall. We had the safest border in history. You remember my all-time favorite chart. My all-time -- I love that chart. I sleep with it. I sleep with that chart. And it showed the best numbers.
I'll put the chart up. If you would just put it up. Put it up if you can. Oh, I love it. I love it. [Applause] I love it. If we didn't have that chart, I wouldn't be with you today. I give that chart a big, fat kiss every night. I go to bed with that chart. But what that chart also shows is -- look at the arrow on the bottom.
That was the day I left office. We had the lowest level of illegal immigrants coming into our country, also drugs and lots of other things. You take a look at human trafficking of women. Mostly, it's women. It's not -- you know, they talk about men. It's not men. It's women and children, but mostly women.
We had the largest number of -- 10 times more than came in through me. We had it stopped. We were checking every car, every trunk in every car, where they put a lot of them, and we had it stopped. And now, it's out of control. You know, the internet brought that into a crime that -- it sounds like an ancient kind of a thing.
It's not. The internet made that as profitable as the drug trade. It's really horrible what's going on, what's happened to that border. That border is probably the meanest place maybe in the history of our country, certainly, but almost the history of the world. And there's no border like it in the world.
There's no border so corrupt, so dangerous, anything like that. There's never been anything like that, what's happening, millions of people, and what's happening to them, even on the journey up, the fact that they make that journey. The women are -- it's a horrible thing that happens to the women. You remember, when I first ran, I used a certain word: rape.
Everyone said, "Oh, he used the word rape." The percentage of women that are raped on the trip up, I won't say it, but you won't believe the number. It's just a horrible thing that happens all because these people, they made it -- they're basically saying, "Come up. We'll give you education. We'll give you this. We'll give you -- "
You can stop it all in one day. You can stop it all in one hour. You can close that. So, I built the wall, hundreds of miles. I then ordered 200 miles more. We could have had it up in three days, it flips up, exactly what Border Patrol wanted, exactly what ICE wanted. Everybody wanted -- we got exactly what they wanted.
We could have had it done in literally three to four weeks, completed, much more than I promised I was going to do. I built hundreds of miles of wall. That's one of the reasons we were able to have it. Then I got Mexico to give us soldiers, thousands and thousands of soldiers, free of charge, by the way.
Mexico, of course, I did tell them, "If you don't do it, I'm going to put tariffs on all your cars that are coming in." I did that. They actually said, "No, we won't do it. We're not going to -- " I said, "You got to give me -- you got to give me 28,000 soldiers right away, free of charge." They looked at me.
They said, "We're not going to do that. Why would we do that?" I said, "You're going to do it 100 percent. You're going to do it." They said, "We're not." I said, "You are." They said, "No way." I said, "Way." And then they started wondering, "What the hell is going on over here?" You know, they were pretty -- I said, "Here's the story.
If you don't give us those soldiers, because you're the ones that are letting them in your country, and they're coming up from your southern border, if you're not going to give us those soldiers, I'm going to tariff you for 25 percent, then for 50 percent, then for 75 percent, and then for 100 percent.
And you're going to have -- and you're going to have -- you're going to pay us so much money that we can afford to buy an army if we want, like times five." And I said, "And I have the legislation on my desk, and I'm going to sign it right now unless I hear -- " "Sir, we would like very much to do exactly as you say.
We will provide you with soldiers." And it wasn't only that. Remain in Mexico. I mean, they said, "We're not going to give you Remain in Mexico." I said, "Of course, you are because you're letting them come through your country. We don't want them in our country until we're able to vet them and check them." And when I said the tariffs -- I'm telling you, the most beautiful word in the dictionary is the word tariff. You don't know. They said, "
No way, no way, no way." And then they said, "We would be proud to give you as many soldiers as you want, free of charge, sir. We don't want to charge you anything." Don't forget, they've taken a lot... oh, and I have just one quick story. So, they're building the largest car plants in the world in Mexico. It's all being financed and done by China. China basically owns it, but they're using Mexico to make cars and send them through. So, this took place about a year ago. I found out about it through a man that builds the plants. I said, "
I want to see a plant. I want to see a car plant." He said, "Come with me to Mexico, sir." I said, "No, I want to see one in the United States." "We don't build the big ones in the United States. The big ones are being built in Mexico." I said, "Why is that?" "Well, China is there, and they want to build them in Mexico and then sell them into the United States, which will totally close down Michigan, totally close down Detroit, and you won't have any car industry left." So, I heard that, and I started thinking about it. I said, "
How terrible is that." And then about three months ago, as you know, I started saying we're not going to allow it to happen. They were getting ready to start the biggest plant in the world, actually. I think two or three of them, but the biggest. They were getting ready to start. And the other day, I was in Detroit at the Detroit Economic Club, making a speech on cars and bringing back the automobile industry, and I saw the man that builds the plants. I knew him a little bit. I brought him up. I said, "
I want to just see you for a minute. Come here. What's happened to that plant?" Sir, about two weeks ago, China decided to not build it because they think you're going to be elected president. And if you have to pay tariffs -- if they have to pay tariffs, there's no way it can be successful." So, there's a case.
I didn't even do anything except say we're going to put tariffs, and I even said we'll put 100, 200, I don't care what the number is. They're not going to have one car from that massive giant auto plant come into our country. And I said that, and China decided a couple of weeks ago they're not going to be -- how good is that? So, I saved Michigan, and I saved Detroit, and I saved you a little bit.
You know, with you, it's not as big a deal. But, you know, the same thing applies to other businesses. So, we killed that plant just by the threat of tariffs. I'm telling you, outside of love and religion, it's the most beautiful word there is, tariff. And these stupid people, stupid politicians, they don't like -- look, they're either dumb, or they're corrupt.
Anybody that opposes tariffs for a country where you're going to -- because China's been doing that for years. "We don't want your cars unless you build the factory in China. We don't want your cars." Japan. Japan doesn't take our cars. They said, "If you want to build a factory in Japan, otherwise we're not interested in your cars."
And what we did is such a beautiful thing. I've gotten no credit for it whatsoever. But someday, they'll give me credit, in about 100 years from now. In Wilmington, North Carolina, two months ago, an illegal alien from Venezuela brutally stabbed a man to death. This murder came just four days after he was arrested for domestic violence.
But instead of being deported by Kamala, this criminal alien was released into our country where he kills, kills, kills. He's an animal. Every day, Kamala Harris is bringing in illegal aliens who are raping and murdering women and children. You see them all the time. You see them all the time. Their names have become famous, and you know, in a certain way, look, it's a -- they don't want it.
I know the parents. I've met so many of the parents. They're devastated. They'll never be the same. They'll never be the same. But their children have not died in vain because we're going to -- we're going to stop it. We're going to stop it very strongly. We're going to stop it. We're not going to play games.
And because of the horrible acts that these people have committed -- nobody can even believe it. And it's all because of Biden and Kamala. And in all fairness, Biden put this total stupid person in charge of our border. Think of it, never made a call, never went there. She let it just all -- she said, "Keep those borders open. Let everybody come in."
Now, there's only one reason you do that, I guess. Well, there's three reasons. You're stupid. You hate our country. You can't be that stupid to be able to cheat like they cheat. So, you're either stupid, you hate our country, or they're trying to get them to vote, right? And it's probably the third.
She's turning beautiful small towns into third-world dumping ground. She's letting vicious gangs take over whole communities. She's busing and flying them in by the millions. How about the flights? She said -- yes, you know, about three months ago, they're getting killed on this issue. I think it's, again, the most important issue there is, more important than the economy, believe it or not, because this is destroying the fabric of our country.
This is like destroying our country. And so, they tightened it up a little bit. "Oh, look, our numbers are a little bit better. Look, oh, Trump stopped the bill. He told the Senate..." Ted, did I ever tell you not to sign that bill? No, right? I didn't tell anybody, but they liked that. Trump stopped -- I sort of liked it.
It gives you such power. You know, you come from Queens, and now I'm calling, "You will not sign that bill, Senators. You will not." They had me calling up, "You will not sign that bill." Actually, I like that, sort of. Maybe I should go along with that story, Ted. That's something -- nobody's had that kind of power in a long time, right? But all -- and again, all she had to do -- she didn't need a bill.
She just had to call them up and say, "Close up the border. Wake up, the guy up top, and just close up the border, please, Joe. Come on over here, Crooked Joe. We're going to sign this right here. Sign right here." "OK." And the border is closed. They don't need -- I didn't have a bill. I had the strongest border in history.
I didn't have a bill. My father used to tell me that when he'd hire somebody, when they say, an executive, "Sir, could I have a letter of authorization? Could I have a letter saying that I've been -- " He said all of those guys that wanted letters were always weak and ineffective. It was the ones that went in and said, "I'm the boss, now you're going to listen to me," those were the ones that did the job, you know.
Does that make sense? So, all they had to do -- they didn't need anything. All they had to do is say the border is closed. She's responsible for more human trafficking than any person in history. There's never been a problem in human trafficking in history like this one, and she's responsible. If Kamala gets four more years, you will not have a country left.
You're not going to have a country left. You'll have 200 million people pouring in from all parts and mostly prisons and lots of other places that you don't want to hear about. Immediately upon taking the Oath of Office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Applause] I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country, back to where they came from.
And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, equally violent, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 18 -- no, of 1798. Think of that, 1798. That's when we had real politicians that said, "We're not going to play games." We have to go back to 1798. To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
We're going to knock the hell out of them. Don't forget, I'm the one that defeated ISIS, remember? They don't want to do -- the fake news doesn't like talking about it. They don't like talking about things like that. And I did it in a matter of weeks. It was supposed to take five years, seven years. Mattis told me, "Sir, we won't be able to do that for many years, sir."
I said, "Wait a minute. We have the best planes in the world, the best everything in the world, and they fight with knives and crappy guns. Why?" And I went over there, and I found out why. And I had the right guy. I had a real general, not a television general, not a general that likes to write books.
Stupid people. These are stupid people. Oh, and the things he said in that book. He put him in great jeopardy, what he said in the book. This stupid guy, Milley, he's the one that said leave the equipment. "Sir, I think we should leave the equipment. It's cheaper to leave a plane that costs $150 million than it is to take it out, sir."
That's when I -- that's when I knew I had a real dummy. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or law enforcement officer. [Applause] I will end catch and release into our country.
We'll have catch and release into Mexico if that's OK. I will immediately end all migrant flights. Hundreds of thousands of people are being flown into the middle of our country. I will outlaw sanctuary cities. They're going to be over, dead. And I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals.
I will restore every Trump border policy and immediately expel all illegals who violate our border. We're going to get them out. We have to because this is not sustainable by any country. We're running against the most radical, most incompetent, most unfit vice president in the history of our country.
No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. Something is clearly wrong with her. She can't put two sentences together. She's an international joke, and she is going to end up getting us into a third World War. This person cannot be president. When the people of North Carolina were stranded and drowning in Hurricane Helene, Kamala Harris was at a glitzy fundraiser in a city that she destroyed, San Francisco.
She spent the last four years taking your money to provide shelter and benefits to illegal aliens, but when North Carolina needed help, Kamala Harris was nowhere to be found, and it took her a long time to get here, too. [Audience boos] And she only did it -- she only did it -- she only came here because she's running for office.
I was here the day after. I didn't want to go in. I didn't want to disturb them, but I was in North Carolina. [Applause] Kamala Harris does not have the compassion, the smarts, or the strength to be the president of the United States. She just can't do the job. You know it. Everybody knows it. Her people know it.
The people that worked for her know it. Every single -- almost 95 percent of the people that worked for her as vice president quit. They were always quitting because she was a nutjob. And on top of it all, she say she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which is totally disqualifying immediately. [Audience boos]
Remember, the most unpopular -- everybody says right way, wrong way. Wrong way is 86 percent. So, why would you do everything the same? But she should have done it four years ago. Take a look.
Thank you very much. Good job. You know, a friend of mine called me up, and he said, "I hate it when you run the clips." "Why?" "Because the press doesn't follow them. They can't move that damn camera up to show that picture." They can't move. No, think of it. I said, "No, you must be kidding. All they have to do is turn it just a little bit, a little bit of an angle, and it's fine."
But you can't do that, can you? You can't do that. I'm watching the camera. They keep the damn camera focused on me. And I now understand what he's -- I was watching them because a friend called up. He said, "It's too bad with the clips. They sound good, but they don't show them." All you have to do is turn it a little bit to the left or a little bit to the right.
But he's told by his bosses right there, the guy right there, he's told by his bosses, "Don't do it," because they don't want to give us the privilege of seeing murderers in our country, and you should be ashamed of yourself. [Audience boos] North Carolina, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote.
We'll get rid of these stupid people. We're pleased to be joined today by Senator Ted Budd, and I want to say happy birthday, Ted. What are you, about 49 or something? Happy birthday. Great guy, great senator, very respected. Thank you, Ted. Another great one that I was very involved in, he did fantastically, and now I think he's running for a thing called attorney general, Dan Bishop.
Dan, thank you. And I hear you're doing well, right? Thank you. Dan's been a great congressman. Congressional candidate, Laurie Buckhout, and she's been great, who has my complete and total endorsement, OK? Laurie has my complete -- so vote for Laurie. You're going to win. You're going to win big. Thank you, Laurie.
Great. Great job. North Carolina State GOP chairman, Jason Simmons. Jason, thank you, Jason. Good job. Good job, Jason. And I introduced him, but RNC Chairman Michael Whatley, done a fantastic job. Thank you. Really good. He better win. Oh, if he doesn't win -- I'm saying he's so great. He's great, great, great.
If he doesn't win, I'll be saying, "Get rid of that guy." No, we'll never say that. I think you're doing great. The numbers so far are amazing. The fake news doesn't want to report. We don't care. The only thing that matters is November 5th, right? So, we don't care what they do now. But even they are concerned.
They're saying, "This is not looking good." You know, normally, you'd say that's a -- they mean -- they mean it's -- these numbers are looking incredible, actually, in every state, not just here, in every state. They know what -- they know what I mean. And I'm very proud to have my beautiful daughter, Tiffany, here with her husband, Michael.
And they're going to have a baby, a beautiful baby. [Applause] Two good people, too. And a great developer in New York and Florida and elsewhere, one of the greatest businessmen in the country, Mr. Steve Witkoff. Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great job. Thank you. Great guy. Former head of the Small Business Administration who, by the way, went to school here.
She has to be -- I mean, look, she has to be the most successful person ever to graduate from this beautiful place. It's beautiful. Linda McMahon. I mean, I could tell you about her for days. She went here, right? And you loved it. I said, "Do you like it?" She said, "I loved it." Otherwise, I wouldn't tell you that.
And a man that you heard speak, and he's a great patriot, and he's a talented guy, went to Harvard, did very well. It's not as good as the Wharton School of Finance, but that's OK. But he's been a tremendous voice against China. And we have nothing against China. We just want to be treated fairly. And Peter is one of the few people that really understood what was happening.
Peter Navarro. Peter, wherever you are. Peter. Hi, Peter. I heard Peter. I said he's doing well. I didn't get to see you, but now I see you. Good job. Good job today. Good job forever. He was a strong voice on what you and I believe in, right? He was great. And again, I want to thank Elon Musk for doing such a great job.
He's been really -- he is now campaigning for us in Pennsylvania, so that's pretty good. So, here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist rated even worse than Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. You know who that is. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police.
Can you believe that one, the movement that is such a disaster? And anybody who wants to defund the police even for one day is not worthy of being president of the United States, the way I look at it. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. You know what that is, ICE. These are the toughest people. And they go into these gangs, and they go fists swinging, legs swinging, and they come out two minutes later, and they take them out of our country.
They are rough people we're dealing with, but ICE is incredible, and they love our country. She wanted to get rid of ICE. They wanted to take them out. Who's going to do it? Who's going to do it? She's not going to do it. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. She said -- as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
Can you imagine? She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. Oh, by the way, if you like guns, you can forget her. She's going to do it 100 percent. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. [Audience boos] Think of that, they're in detention, at taxpayer expense, sex changes.
They want -- they're in detention. They want to have the operation. And she -- and by the way, aside from all the other problems, it's a very big and expensive operation. And then, of course, you saw that yesterday, she lied about working at McDonald's. That's a pretty bad -- and on top of everything else, Kamala wants to turn our military woke watch this.
So, just remember, we won two World Wars with that kind of stuff, right? We won two World Wars. We don't want to be woke, and we're not going to be woke, and our military is not. When they knocked out ISIS, there was nothing woke about them. You could put them in a woke cage for two years, they'd come out fighting.
They're not woke. Only the top few people, they're woke. They're woke, and they'll be gone fast. But in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala Harris. We're going to save America. [Applause] And we're going to restore the greatness of our nation for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed.
With your support, we will cut your taxes and inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and turn the United States into the manufacturing superpower of the world. It will be very quick. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III.
Nobody else is going to do that. We are never -- we have never been closer. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly want and deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield around our country, all made in the USA, including a place called North Carolina.
And we will land an American astronaut on Mars. And before I go too further, some of my favorite people are here. These women, finally, finally -- and a couple of them right here. I don't know why you get these prime ones. I guess that's -- they're the bosses. These women have seen 259 rallies. This isn't even a rally.
This is a get -- this is a little get-together. Can you imagine? You have -- you have 9,000 people on a Monday afternoon, and we call it a little get-together. They come from North Carolina. Look at them. [Applause] They come from North Carolina, and they come out to California. They go to Texas. They're happily married.
I don't know how the hell that works. I don't know how that works. They're happily -- they have great husbands, but they are happily married. You're going to have to tell me about that. But these are the greatest, most beautiful women, and they've seen it a lot. And they never get tired of hearing the truth ever.
They never get tired of hearing the truth. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school. [Applause] We will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. It will be stopped. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again, and it will be very soon. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? And stop a radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and vote. After all, and remember this, all we've been through -- we've been through a lot together, haven't we? We suffered for four years.
For four years, we suffered. Our country suffered. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. That's what's going to happen. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. That's what we're going to be doing. [Applause] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. God bless you. God bless you all. God bless you.
Well, thank you very much. You know, he's been my friend for a long time. I didn't know he was such a good football player. That's a good player. That's a real team in the championship. See, you learn -- every day, you learn something about people.
It was.
It's not bad.
It's not bad.
Thank you. What a beautiful place. Thank you very much. Thank you, Burt.
A lot of people. All along the highways, we're driving up, and there's a lot of love. We're going to have a big election. We're going to have a -- November 5th, and you'll probably -- many of you have -- who's already voted? Yeah. It's going to be a big one. I think it's the most important election in the history of our country.
I really believe that. I think most of the people here do, too. And we don't say that lightly, but it's -- it's a big one. We have -- we have some people that are not doing a good job. They're not doing a good job for our country. So, thank you all for being here. It's a great honor. Thank you.
That's right.
Right.
And taking vacations.
She took off -- she took off yesterday. Who takes off when you have 13, 14 days for the -- she took off. She needed -- she needed to rest. She needed to rest.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I did. We had a tremendous thing at Doral and Miami, and it was a beautiful day. And we had pastors. We had a lot of Hispanics. And we're setting every record with Hispanics. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Great people, very industrious, hardworking, smart, beautiful people. And we've really -- I guess we're setting the record already.
It's going to be set. And we have actually something. A couple of polls just came out. We're at 56 percent. You know, normally, like, guys like Romney -- anybody like Romney? [Audience responds "No"] Guys like Romney were getting just a few points. And we're getting here, we are with the potential to actually win, which hasn't been done maybe forever, almost forever with the Republican Party, all along the border and all along in Texas and other places along the line where -- by the way, they're working very hard to keep some very bad people out of our country.
Some -- if you take a look at what they've done with our border, it's so bad. I think it's the biggest -- actually, just to skip over to it. I think it's the single biggest problem we have. We -- we talk about inflation, and it's horrible, and the economy. But if -- you take a look at inflation, and the biggest problem to me is the border where they allow murderers into our country.
They allow prisoners into our country. They empty out their prisons from all over the world. And to me, it's the biggest problem that we have. I think it's the No. 1 thing, and we're going to do something -- we're going to -- we're going to do something to stop it very quickly. We built hundreds of miles of wall.
We were doing great, and we had the greatest -- we had the most successful -- the day I left office -- you've seen that very famous chart. I love that chart. I love it. I love that chart. I love that chart. But -- oh, there it is.
But if you -- if you take a look -- look at that.
That's pretty good. They do -- they do a very good job back there. They never know when I'm going to introduce it, but -- and usually, I don't. You know, usually, I don't introduce it. But I did that one day, and I turned to the right to look, and I -- I'm glad -- I'm glad I turned. Otherwise, I wouldn't be with you right now.
But -- but if you look at the arrow on the bottom, the arrow on the bottom, that was the day I left office, and that was the lowest day we've had in terms of illegals coming into our country. And that included drugs and human trafficking and usually mostly in women, by the way. And that was -- we had it really going.
And then you take a look at what happened right after I left. What they've done to our country is just not describable. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."]
Thank you.
Oh, thank you. Jason is terrific, by the way. He was -- he's always the first to jump in, along with you. And you have a great lieutenant governor. And I have to tell you, we've also -- and we have -- and Burt and I have spoken about it. We also had a lot of help from your governor. He's been really great.
And so, we appreciate that. We've -- we've been -- we've been all working together. You know, Georgia got hit so hard, and it worked very well over here from the standpoint of people getting together and helping. FEMA has had a hard time. Nobody knows exactly why. But the federal government's response was -- I don't know if it was as bad here as it was in North Carolina.
I was in North Carolina yesterday, three different stops, and just -- I followed it in. I actually followed the hurricane in, and I went there. And it -- it is not even believable, but FEMA, meaning the White House, did not do their job. They did not do their job. And we got to change it. We had a great FEMA when we were doing it.
We had some problems, too. When we had, FEMA came in and they handled it, but they're not -- and they spent a lot of their money on other things. You know that. They spent a lot of their money --
On the illegal migrants coming in, almost $1 billion. And there was no money. And so, now, they're going to have to have a special session in Congress to try and get money. And it's -- it's too bad. It's too bad. But you know who did help us, though? Elon Musk. He helped us because they needed Starlink.
I said, "What's Starlink?" They would tell me, "Sir, do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "Yeah, he endorsed me," right? I said, "Yeah. He's great." He's -- you see that rocket ship coming the other day? Who ever saw anything like that? Only Elon. I said, "Is that yours?" He said, "That's mine. That's the only one that can do it."
But anyway -- but he needed Starlink -- they needed Starlink badly in North Carolina, and I called him. I said, "Elon, they have a big problem." They had no communication. People were dying. He saved a lot of lives. And he had it over there so fast, it was amazing. They couldn't get it because it's hard to get.
And it was sort of interesting because I was on the phone with him and I said Starlink and we're talking a little bit and the person called me that needed it so badly in North Carolina during my call with Elon. I hadn't hung up. He said, "Thank you, sir, for getting us Starlink." I said, "How did you call them? How did you talk to them? We're still on the phone."
He said, "Well, I have ways of doing things." But he got -- he got that to them right away --
And it made a very big difference. Also, they got it into Georgia. So, I want to thank Elon for being really very gracious and smart.
OK.
That's right.
He's doing a good job.
OK.
Hello. Hi, Matthew.
Want to use -- use mine.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Well, you know, it's interesting, Matthew, that if you look over the last 30 years or so, for whatever reason, Christians are not tremendous voters in terms of percentage. If they were, we'd never lose an election. We wouldn't have had these people in office. We would never lose an election. And I think they're -- I think they are.
I think we've really energized a lot of people this time because they've seen how bad it is. This last four years has been -- it's been a horror show, an absolute horror show. And I think -- I think we're going to see those numbers go way up. I'm -- I'm almost sure of it. And I'm even hearing that from -- statistically because you see what's coming in.
And by the way, record numbers of votes are coming in. So, that's supposed to be a good thing for us. And we have to make sure too big to rig. We want to make it too big to rig, right? But -- but if they did -- if they did, we would literally never lose an election. And, you know, there's persecution going on and especially, I don't know if you've heard, with Catholics.
I don't know what's going on with Catholics. Why are they after Catholics? But the Catholics are being persecuted. And school boards are being persecuted, parents. This group is not a nice group of people. You know, you think they're stupid, and they are really pretty dumb but -- when you look at what the policies, what they've done to this country, but they're vicious people.
They're vicious, vicious people. And people are being persecuted, people of religion. And you saw it a little bit during COVID where you'd have a service outside, everybody is five yards away and everything, and they're coming and arresting people. It's -- it's very bad. But I think you're going to see a big change.
I think you're going to see it now. And hopefully, we're going to keep it going. You know, without religion -- it's like -- it's like -- it's like the glue that holds it all together -- this would be a different country. The -- the religion and all of it -- virtually all of them are going -- if you look at that path, it wasn't helped by COVID.
By the way, when you had COVID, all of a sudden, people started thinking a little bit differently and they, you know, got used to a different way of life for a long period of time. And maybe it didn't quite come back. But it's going this way. If we ever had it going up, it would -- and I think we're going to get it up.
I really believe it. I think this election is important for even that reason, for everything. It's so important. But it's such a good question. You know who else are hard voters? Our NRA people, rifles and guns -- people that own guns. They vote in a very small proportion. If they ever voted, you could never lose.
And in fact, the Democrats, the radical left, used to fear them. And now, they don't feel them -- fear them any longer because they don't vote to the extent that they should. And, you know, look, we're -- we're Second Amendment. I think everyone in this room is Second Amendment and Second Amendment people. All right?
Thank you very much. Thank you very -- thanks, Matthew.
Right.
It's a record.
Hi, Jake.
Thank you.
Good. Very -- is he a good mayor? Yes?
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Good question. And it's -- it's so interesting, but evangelicals and so many people support Israel so much more. It's not just the Jewish people. It's so many Christians are so supportive of Israel. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And, you know, they say, and I would agree with this 100 percent, nobody's done what I've done for Israel.
We -- as you know, Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. We even built the embassy by moving the embassy. That became somewhat automatic. Golan Heights gave them jurisdiction, and we gave Golan Heights, which was a big thing. We did the Abraham Accords, which was a very, very big thing. They were trying to get it for 72 years or something, and I got it for them.
We've -- we've done a lot. And the single biggest thing I did was -- if you want to know -- is get out of the Iran nuclear deal. The Iran nuclear deal was a disaster. And unfortunately, Biden and Kamala -- nobody knows who is Harris. Do you ever do? I talk about it all the time. You say Harris. Everyone says who is that? The vice president.
Can you believe she's the vice president? She came in last. He picked her, she came in last, and the whole -- and now, she's running. You know, think of it just for a second, Mr. Mayor, because I'm going to get right back to Israel because there was one other thing, and that was the Abraham Accords. That was one of the most incredible things of all.
We would have had peace in the Middle East. And we still will. We'll fill that out. We'll get them all in. We have the four, but we'll fill it out. But if you look at what's happened and what's happening with our country and what's happening -- lack of respect for the two of them, we can't have that any longer.
We have to be respected. Think of it. We were energy-independent four years ago. We had -- I -- I saw the new number, $1.84 a gallon gasoline. And now, you have $3.50 and $4. And you had $5 for a while, and you had $6 and $7 even for a while. But a lot of things. So, we're going to take care of Israel.
We work with Israel. They say that in Israel, I could maybe run -- if things didn't work out here, you could run for prime minister of Israel and I get 97 percent of the vote. So -- and I -- of course, I kid because you know what happens. When you do the little sarcasm and the kidding, they go, "Well, he said he's running for --" You know, that's the fake news doing that.
And that's a lot of fake news you have back there. That's very impressive. That's very -- that's very impressive.
So, we're going to do a lot for Israel, and we're behind them. And the big thing, we want to have peace in the Middle East. We want to have Russia stop with Ukraine. We're going to get that done. That was another thing that would have never happened. You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had Russia attacking Ukraine.
You wouldn't have had October 7th, which was Israel. And the horrible, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country was Afghanistan, the way -- not that they pulled out. We were ready to pull -- the way they pulled out with -- it was so bad. They moved the military out first. No, you move the military out last.
I think it was one of the most embarrassing. I think that's why actually Putin went into Ukraine. But we're going to take care of Israel, and they know that. Bibi called me yesterday. He called me the day before. We have a very good relationship. And I have to say, they've done -- fortunately, they didn't listen to Biden because if they listened to Biden, they'd, right now, be waiting for a bomb to drop on them.
And they did their own work. They did not listen. They couldn't listen because what he was asking -- in fact, just the other day, they said to him, "Are you OK with what they're doing?" "Well, I don't want them to attack the nuclear and I don't want them to attack the oil." I said, "Really? That's sort of the opposite."
If you go and take the exact opposite for 40 years of Biden's foreign policy, you would be one of the greatest -- just take the opposite, you'd be one of the greatest in the history of foreign policy. So, we're going to -- we're going to work with them very closely. We're going to work with all nations.
We're not going to have World War III. We're closer to World War III right now than we have been ever maybe, ever. And that will be a war like no other because the power of the weaponry, nuclear weapons, the power is -- it's indescribable and you don't even want to think about it. And it's mentioned all the time.
You know, I never mentioned nuclear. I never like -- we rebuilt our military. We rebuilt the military. We had to give -- these people gave a lot of military to Afghanistan if you can believe it. They have parades to show it. And it was a very embarrassing moments for our country. But we're going to take good care of -- frankly, we're going to take care of everything.
We're going to straighten out the world a little bit. One thing, if I could, somebody that a lot of people respect a lot, Viktor Orban from Hungary. So, he's the prime minister, and he made the statement. He said, "When Trump comes back as president, everything is going to be perfect." And it was for four years. And I know exactly what he was talking about.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you very much.
That's overflow.
It's a good crowd.
Hi, Estefany.
Yeah. I think we have to stand up. A woman, we stand, right? For a man, we don't have to, right? Go ahead, please.
Inflation largely.
Inflation.
So, during my four years, I'll bet you did the best --
Business, right? Everybody says it.
They all say it. In fact, now, I put it in the speeches at the beginning, "Were you better off four years ago?" Everyone goes crazy. So [Audience member calls out "You saved my business."] so, he said I saved his business. Good. Thank you very much, sir. So, we have to understand that inflation was, in my opinion, the worst maybe ever in our country.
They say 48 years. I say ever. And a lot of it was groceries and food and things like that. You know, you hear the word groceries, you say, "Really?" But I get more complaints about groceries, everything, from hot dogs to -- to bacon and eggs and everything. So, what we're doing is -- and what they've done is they screwed up our energy.
We had energy that was at record lows. It was abundant. The oil companies were making money, but you were having -- you were driving cars. I just mentioned $1.84 a gallon. And that's way up. That's double. Everything is double. Everything is double, triple, quadruple. Interest rates were 2 percent. Now, they're at 10 percent, and you can't get the money.
We're going to drill, baby, drill, and that's going to bring everything down, OK?
That's going to -- that's going to bring everything down because it -- it's such a big component of our -- of the fabric of our life economically, oil and gas. We're going to drill. We're going to bring -- and a pledge that I'm making now, and we've done this a little bit over the last month or so, we are going to bring energy down by 50 percent, 5-0 percent, 50 percent within 12 months from January 20th. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
That is going to bring everything else down because it's not just -- you know, the -- the damage has been done. They say, "Well, we're trying to bring it down right now." These people don't have a clue. The damage is done. We have to get the prices down, and that's going to bring other things down with it.
We're also going to get the interest rates down because interest is far too high right now.
So, we're going to get interest. But we're going to get the oil. We have more than anybody. I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia. No matter where you go, we have more. We're going to use it. You know where we're getting a lot from? Venezuela.
Why are we doing that? And it's not good stuff either. It's -- we call it the Venezuelan tar. So, we're going to get your energy costs down. That's going to bring everything -- and you're going to make so much money. You're going to do good.
OK?
Thank you, darling.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Good job.
Hello, Mom. Good job you did, Mom.
Good job, Mom.
Well, the energy is such a big factor. And when they did that, all of a sudden, the energy is going up, up, up. And it was obvious that everything else is going to follow, but it's going to follow it -- it's going to follow it down, too. We have so much, and we don't use it properly. You know, they started -- as you know, they were going to end it all, and they got into a bind.
That's what happened. And they got -- and then they let it go back to the Trump. But if we were -- that was four years ago. We would be three to four times more energy. We'd be selling to Asia. We'd be reducing debt. Right now, we have $35 trillion in debt. We're going to make this country so good. One of the things we talk about is, as an example, Detroit is doing very poorly because they're taking our car business, other countries.
We're going to solve that very quickly. But one of the things we're doing is interest deductions on when you borrow money to buy a car, you get a deduction on it. And that's great. But you only get the deduction if it's built in America. The car has to be built in America.
Thank you. I like that person. I like that person.
Hi, Marty.
Thank you, Marty. And -- and he's wearing a beautiful tie.
He's wearing a beautiful tie. It's a Trump tie, so I like it.
So -- so, Marty, it's going to be the first order. It'll be done in the first hour of the first day. And you know, as I said, we had the safest border in the recorded history of our country. You saw the chart. That was a Border Patrol chart. We had the safest border. We had it going so well, all they had to do was leave it the way it was.
We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come in. We had all -- catch and release in Mexico, not in this country. We had the best border. It was so good and only going to get better. And now, we have the worst border ever in the world. In 2016, we had a bad border, and I solved the problem pretty quickly and it was no longer an issue in 2020.
And then in 2020, we ran. And as you know, we got millions more votes than we did in 2016. So, you'll explain that one. That's why we have to get a lot of votes. We've got to get a lot of votes. But we made the border really good. And now, we're going to have to do it again. The difference is this border is 10 times, 15 times worse than it was in 2016, as you know.
But we're going to stop it, and we're going to deport all of these criminals that have been brought into the country.
Thank you, Marty. Good.
Look at all these people.
You know who they are?
The fake news, the fake news.
That's a lot of people.
That's a lot of people.
Well, I say this, faith, when you have faith, when you believe in God, it's -- it's a big advantage over people that don't have that. It's a big advantage. And when you have a great family -- my son, Eric, is with us today. He's been great. But we have such a great family and such a strong backing. And Melania, our first lady, has been great.
She's got the No. 1 bestselling book. Can you believe Melania? So, go buy the book. But I will say this. I've been investigated more than any human being, I suspect, in the history of our country, more than Alphonse Capone. Did anyone ever hear of Alphonse? Al Capone was the gangster of all gangsters.
Scarface, as he's commonly known. I've been investigated more than Scarface. My father is looking down from heaven -- I -- I think my father is in heaven. I know my mother is in heaven, but I -- but my father was great. He was a strong guy, but a good -- great guy, but a strong guy. But, you know, I have been, and it makes you stronger.
And the fact that I had such backing from the public -- these scoundrels came after me at a level -- it's called election interference. It's called the weaponization of the FBI, the DOJ. They were all coming. And we're going to get things turned around in this country because it's so bad. They don't do that, except in third-world countries.
Nobody thought it was even possible. Nobody thought it was even possible. They used to talk about it before all this stuff happened, and they'd say, well, it'll never happen because it's never happened before. And think of the scoundrels that are in office right now. It didn't happen to them. So, I just want to thank you, actually, for your support because it made me -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."
] it actually made me more popular. A woman -- a great woman said to me, "Sir, when you first got in trouble in New York over nothing, I've -- since then, I've gone to the bridge and I've waved the flag." Where is that woman? She was so -- [Audience member calls out "Right here"] Stand up, please. Stand up. She was so incredible. I said -- no --
Thank you, darling.
No, she said to me, she said, "You know, I really liked you a lot, but I really loved you when they went after you so unfairly. And from that day on, there was nobody else, but Trump." I remember you, OK? Thank you, darling. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
OK. Let's hear what he has to say.
So, I have an idea. Are you right outside now? Let's go outside and talk to him.
You know why?
They've got thousands of people outside. And you know what, you guys follow us out. Let's all go together, OK?
Thank you very much. Let's all go together.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much to a very popular former first lady, hopefully, first lady again. And I just want to say a very big hello to a special place, New York, and to an incredible arena, Madison Square Garden, incredible. And then we have all of the people that could fill it up 10 times.
You take a look at outside, what's going on, all the way down to the river, the beautiful, beautiful Hudson River. They're outside watching this now at levels that nobody's ever seen before. They've never had it. And I want to thank Jim Dolan. He's been incredible. He's been just incredible, the job they've done, job they've done.
Thank you. But I'm thrilled to be back in the city I love. And thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, you're with me. We're all together. We've always been together. And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question: Are you better off now than you were four years ago? I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans.
With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. We need the American dream to come back home. Our country will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
We will achieve success that no one can imagine. We will have the strongest economy, the most secure borders, the safest cities, the most powerful military, the best trade deals. And we will dominate the frontiers of science, medicine, business, technology, and space. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again.
I'm asking you to dream big again. We're going to dream big again. We haven't been dreaming big at all. This will be America's new golden age. It's going to happen quickly, too, very quickly. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. Next Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've done a terrible job, that Crooked Joe Biden has done a terrible job.
You've destroyed our country. We're not going to take it anymore. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out. You're fired. Early voting is underway in every swing state, and we are setting all-time records for voting. I'll tell you what, I don't want to talk about it, but we have to keep it going. You got to get out and vote.
We just have to get out. And who would have thought this was going to happen? We're leading in every swing state, but it doesn't mean a thing. It only means how are we doing at the end. So look, we have nine days from now, and we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to win back the beautiful White House.
And we're going to make America great again, and it's going to happen fast. [Audience chants "U.S.A"]
Thank you. In less than four years, Kamala Harris has shattered our middle class. She casted the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation in the history of our country. She cost the typical American family over $3,000 in a short period but over $30,000 over the last three years. She killed 50,000 manufacturing jobs this year alone.
Now Kamala wants to raise the typical family taxes by nearly $3,000 a year and impose a 33% tax hike on all domestic production. If Kamala Harris gets four more years, our economy can never recover. If I win, we will quickly build the greatest economy in the history of the world, which is what we had in our last term.
We will rapidly defeat inflation, and we will very simply make America affordable again. We're going to make it affordable, right? I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And I'm announcing a new policy today that I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one.
It's about time that they were recognized, right? They add so much to our country and are never spoken of ever, ever, ever, but they're going to be spoken of now. Thank you all very much. I'll also make interest on car loans fully tax deductible but only for cars made in America, have to be made in America.
And we will achieve energy independence, and we will do something -- we want it so badly. We're going to do something. You know what we're going to do, front-row Joes? I got front-row Joes here. I got the ladies from North Carolina, No. 249. This is their -- and you look so beautiful. We have a lot of people.
They followed us, but we're going to do something. The ladies can tell you what we're going to do. We're going to drill, baby, drill. And I will terminate the green new scam and will cut your energy prices in half, 50%, within one year from January 20th. Is the fake news hearing that? Whoa, look how much -- wow, that's a lot of fake news.
That is a lot of fake news. Look at that. Wow, that's got to be a record, Mr. Speaker. I think that's a record. That is a lot of fakers back there. To bring back millions of jobs, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
Remember this, if we keep going like this, we won't have the biggest and the best. We won't have a market. We won't have a country but only for those who make their product here in the U.S.A and hire American workers for the job. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our now protected companies.
We're going to protect our companies. They're not leaving anymore. They're not leaving anymore. We're also going to pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, meaning if China or any other country charges us 1005 or 200% tax or tariff, we will then charge them 100% or 200% tax or tariff. It's called an eye for an eye.
And I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our great families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth. As we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders.
There's never been anything like it. It's bigger than inflation. It's bigger than the economy. What they're doing to our country, they're allowing criminals from all over the world to enter our country. Over the past four years, Kamala Harris has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people.
She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens. There has never been anything like it anywhere in the world for any country. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.
A lot of people are coming from the Congo prisons. They're coming from all over the world. Over the last month, 181 countries violated our laws, and she has resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent American citizens. But the day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion of our country ends, and the restoration of our country begins.
One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang, nice group of people. They got together in prison, the worst prison in the world, they say. It's called the Tren de Aragua, and that is taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America and especially in Aurora, Colorado, where we have a governor who's petrified of them, and maybe he should be. But now they've even taken over Times Square.
That's who we're allowing into our country. We're not going to have a country any longer. That's who we're allowing in. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer, not going to be happening, not going to be happening. November 5th, 2024, nine days from now will be Liberation Day in America.
It's going to be Liberation Day. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history to get the criminals out. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail and to kick them the hell out of our country as fast as possible.
And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, which is equally vicious, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that. That's how far back -- that's when they had law and order. They had some tough ones. Think of it. The Alien Enemies Act of 1798. You hear that, Mr. Speaker?
Get ready, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil, and there are lots of them. We don't have the same country anymore. You know that. And when you look at the polls, and they say about the economy and they have all these different things, the worst nightmare that we're facing is what they've done to us on our borders.
We had the safest border in the world. In fact, there's a chart, which I hope they have, because I didn't tell them I wanted it. But there's a chart that I love very much because I wouldn't be here without it. That's it. I love it. I'm in love with it. I love that chart. Even if it had bad numbers, I would have loved that chart.
But it doesn't -- It has great numbers. And if you look at the arrow on the bottom, you'll see that was the day I left office. That was the lowest illegal immigration that we've ever had in recorded history, the recorded history of our country. And then look at it, it was like an Elon Musk rocket ship. Look at what happens.
Look at what happened after that. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Audience chants "U.S.A" ]
Under Kamala, America is a sanctuary for criminals and for illegal aliens that are in our country illegally. I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States. Kamala's gross incompetence disqualifies her from being president of the United States of America. She is grossly incompetent. All you have to do is look at her interviews.
Look at what she did the other night on fake news, CNN, just take a look. She couldn't answer a question. She's unfit for office. Everyone knows it. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. Everyone knows she is a very low-IQ individual. From humiliating our country in Afghanistan, to the war in Ukraine, to the nightmare on our border, to her inflation catastrophe, all done in conjunction with Sleepy Joe.
But he was largely sleeping, wasn't he? After 4:00, it's time to go to bed. To his and her egregious hurricane response, the worst response in North Carolina and other states since Katrina, but I think it was even worse than Katrina. They haven't even responded in North Carolina. They haven't even responded.
There's nobody -- they don't see any FEMA. You know why? They spent their money on bringing in illegal migrants, so they didn't have money for Georgia and North Carolina and Alabama and Tennessee and Florida and South Carolina. They didn't have any money for them. They spent all of their money on bringing in illegal immigrants and flying them in by beautiful jet planes.
They flew in -- we just found that about a year and a half ago. Remember we said what's going on? Those planes, a lot of planes going over there. What are they? They would fly them into the middle of our country, our beautiful, beautiful country. And you know what happened? You take a look at Springfield, Ohio.
Think of this. Where -- think of this, where 30,000 illegal migrants were put into a town of 50,000 people. No place can withstand that. Or take a look at Aurora in Colorado. Colorado is going to vote for us. You know why? Typically, they go a little bit the other way. Of course, with their voting system, I'm not so sure about that.
But you know why? Because they tried to throw the leading candidate of both parties, meaning me. I was leading both parties off the ballot. And the people of Colorado, including Democrats, are very angry about it. They are a threat to democracy, to use their term. Isn't it nice to have somebody that's your president that doesn't need a teleprompter?
We haven't been on teleprompter for a long time. I haven't been on this teleprompter. No, it is nice. You saw the other day where Kamala got a little stuck on -- the teleprompter went a little bad. it stopped on her. You have to be -- if you're a politician, you have to be able to handle that. Remember, you have to do the weave, he says.
You got to do the weave. You got to do more than the weave, but it happens a lot as a politician. It happens. I mean, we have so many politicians here, great ones, really great. Some are not so good but great ones. And when Newt or when the speaker or when Tommy Tuberville, who's here someplace, the great senator from Alabama, or when any one of our literally 75 -- by the way, should I introduce all of them by name?
I should. Should I? No? Yes? I don't know. It's a lot. Speaker, should I -- I don't know. Will they be angry at me? Yeah, they will. It's a lot of introducing. All right. Let's keep going with the speech, all right? But when you have a -- when you're in this profession -- I have a friend who wanted to come in, I said what's your -- do you like speaking? "Well, I do, but I have a great fear of speaking." I said don't be a politician.
If you have a fear of speaking, don't be a politician. But one thing you have to know is that no matter how good your people are that operate this machinery, it's going to break. And you're going to be out there all by yourself a lot, and you got to be able to do so. Three weeks ago, she was saying there was only 32 days left, right?
And she's reading it like, "Oh, it's 32 days," and it stopped. And she went this, "32 days, 32, 32." And I was watching. I said this isn't pretty. "32." She was gone. And then damn it, it kicked back on. She was gone. We've had -- it happens a lot. And don't forget, you got all those people back there. Now they don't talk about her.
But if that ever happened -- it happens all the time. I was campaigning in Ohio for a very, very -- Bernie Moreno. He's doing a good job. I think he's maybe going to win in Ohio. The problem, he's got his opponent, Brown -- Sherrod Brown. He's taking ads in like he's my best friend. He never votes for me. He's not my best friend.
Ohio's been very friendly to Trump. We win it all the time by a landslide, but the opponent is taking ads. I got four of them. I think we have four of them, right? They're taking ads. All of a sudden, they love Trump. "We agree with Trump on tariffs. We agree with Trump on the border. We love Trump," and they're Democrats, I have friends calling up, "Did they switch to the Republican Party?" But it happened with Bernie Moreno.
I was in Ohio to try and get him over the initial primary hump. And it was 45-mile-an-hour winds, and these suckers were blowing like -- you ever try reading a teleprompter where it's moving about two feet in each -- but I didn't have to worry about that because, even worse, they ended up blowing off the stage, a lot of it. So I'm now in the first sentence, and I got 28,000 people and millions of people watching on television.
I got no teleprompter. And did I do a good job, Mr. Speaker? And he won. And he won, huh? Thank you, Matt. And he won. And so you're up there all alone. We don't go 32, 32, 32. Oh, my god, whatever. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. To make her president would be a gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people.
She would get us into World War 3. We're very close to World War 3 if you don't have a smart president or you don't have a president that gets it, if you don't have a president that is respected by the other side. And they did respect us four years ago. They really respected us. Iran was broke. They had no money.
Russia wouldn't have played with us at all. Russia would have never gone into Ukraine. Israel, October 7th, would never ever have happened, would have never have happened. All those people would be alive right now, those people that were killed on that horrible day. But if you don't have a president that gets it, you know what else you wouldn't have had?
You wouldn't have had that -- the most embarrassing day in the history of our country, in my opinion, Afghanistan, the way they -- not that they got out. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength. We got out, an embarrassment, the likes of which this country has never suffered.
And because of that, Putin looked at us, and they probably figured we were a paper tiger. And he went into Ukraine, and the rest is history. It would have never happened with us. And you wouldn't have had any inflation. We had the best economy, but we had no inflation. And inflation has destroyed a lot of seniors on fixed income, and a lot of people in this room have been virtually destroyed by inflation.
You wouldn't have had inflation. They screwed up our energy, and it went up so much. And then they started spending far too much money on things like the green new scam, which is just a scam, just a complete scam. They actually admitted that if you think about it. But she would get us into World War 3 because she's incompetent, can't do the job, unfit for it. And then all of your sons and daughters will end up getting a little notice.
They'll say, "Mom, dad, what is this little green piece of paper?" "Oh, yeah, yeah, darling, that's a draft notice. They're drafting you to go and fight in some country that I've never heard this country -- I've never heard of this country before." Oh, no, I don't want my baby to fight. I don't want my baby to be killed.
What they did in Afghanistan with those 13 great soldiers, I've gotten to know the parents so well. And leaving all of that equipment behind and leaving Americans behind and many, many people with no legs and no arms all because of incompetent people. But we don't want your sons and daughters to get a little draft notice, and you have to explain to them what it means.
We're tired of fighting. I'm the only president in the last 84 years that didn't start a war. Remember, Crooked Hillary? Remember Crooked Hillary Clinton? Crooked Hillary, oh, she was a beauty. During one of our many debates, she said, "Look at him. Listen to him. He's going to start a war. Listen to his rhetoric.
He's going to start a war." I said no, no, no. My rhetoric is going to keep us out of wars, and that's what happened. 82 years, other than I finished off ISIS, but that was already started. We had stupid generals, like Milley and Mattis, weak, stupid people. But fear not, we have great generals, just not the ones that you see on television all the time.
And we wiped them out very quickly. It was going to take five years. Mattis said it would take five years, said, "I'm not sure we could do it." It took us like four weeks. We have great generals. We have the greatest military in the world, just a lot of people don't know that, and everybody knows it. But I saw the other day a report that they issued that if we end up in a war with China, we cannot win.
We're not strong enough. So I said to myself, assuming that's true, how stupid are you to put out a report like that? How stupid? Why would you put out a report? Then they'll say, "Oh, Trump is not truthful." No, I'm smart. You don't put out reports like that, and it's not true. We would kick their ass. It's not true.
Terrible. Our enemies are laughing at her. They want her to win so badly. Oh, they don't want Trump. They don't want Trump. I've made this position a very dangerous one because of that, that's why. It's a very dangerous -- if you drive a race car, you have one-tenth of 1% chance of dying. If you ride the Bulls -- I think the Bulls are pretty nasty, right?
You have about the same one-tenth of 1% of dying. If you become president of the United States, you got a hell of a shot at dying. I never knew that when I ran. I never thought about it, but here we are. Here we are, and I'm OK with it. And I would rather be here than any place in the world. It's called a very dangerous profession.
But if we win, our enemies won't be laughing anymore. They're not going to be laughing. And you know what? The truth is I got along with all of them. I got along with Putin. Ukraine was the apple of his eye, but I said, Vladimir, don't go in. Remember I ended the pipeline in Europe. I ended the pipeline in Europe.
And then when Biden came in, he approved it, but he ended the Keystone pipeline, the one in America. So he got it a little mixed up, didn't he, huh? Nordstream 2, I said we're ending Nordstream 2. Everybody said what is Nordstream 2? I said that's the massive Russian pipeline where they're going to make a fortune, where they're going to Germany and all countries in Europe.
So I said, you mean we're fighting to help them with NATO and spending all of that money, and they're paying the person and the group that we're fighting billions of dollars a month? What the hell are we doing? I ended it. It was dead. And Biden came along, and he approved it, weak. Look, 30 years ago, he was not considered smart either, so now he's really not smart.
If we win, America will be respected and even if it's necessary to hear it again. It's not the worst word. On issue after issue, Kamala broke it, but I will fix it. We're going to fix it. But we're just not running against Kamala. I think a lot of our politicians here tonight know this. She means nothing.
She's purely a vessel. That's all she is. When you see her up there, talking about the gras on my front lawn. I grew up in a middle-class neighborhood, and I had grass on my front lawn. Yeah, but we're asking what would you do to fix the country. And why didn't you do it? You had almost four years. Why didn't you do this stuff Now she's becoming more MAGA than those politicians I just told you about from the different states.
She can't put two sentences together. She's just like, "Uh." She's really just like, in many ways, Crooked Joe Biden, and she never said to us -- she never told us that Joe was not functioning properly. She should have because we're talking about the life of the most important country in the world. We need very smart people.
We're running against something far bigger than Joe or Kamala and far more powerful than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked radical left machine that runs today's Democrat Party. They're just vessels. In fact, they're perfect vessels because they'll never give them a hard time. They'll do whatever they want.
I know many of them. It's just this amorphous group of people, but they're smart, and they're vicious, and we have to defeat them. And when I say the enemy from within, the other side goes crazy, becomes a sound. Oh, how can he say -- no, they've done very bad things to this country. They are indeed the enemy from within and -- but this is who we're fighting.
These are the people who are doing such harm to our country with their open border policies, record-setting inflation, green new scam, and everything else that they're doing, but we're not going to let it happen any longer. We're going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th. It's going to be the biggest victory in history.
We're going to make America great again, everybody. On top of it all, Kamala say she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which is totally disqualifying. And you have to remember this, all of the mistakes he made. And you know what? Maybe he's the worst, but they're all so bad. Think of this, 325,000 children are missing, dead, sex slaves, or slaves.
They came through the open border, and they're gone. Their parents will most likely never see them again, almost any of them. Think of the number, 325,000 children are missing or dead. Take a look at this, please.
So if you want to end this disaster, you got to get out and vote. Just go out and vote. You got to get out. We have to put it away. We're close. We're so close. Usually, the Republicans are losing in the first week in the early voting, and we did something that has not been done. I don't think, Speaker, has been done yet, but it's been done for us. We're leading every one of the swing states, all seven of them.
So we usually get them from behind because Republicans like to vote on a thing called Election Day. In the old days, we had election days. Today, we have election periods. They go on forever. And last time, they went beyond and start early, start late, do whatever the hell you want. We got more votes in 2020 than any sitting president in history by millions, OK? And we did great, obviously, in 2016. We won, but we did much better in 2020. But everything -- nothing compares to what's happening.
I mean, you have tens of thousands of people standing outside, watching us on a television. And we love you out there. We love you. They're watching. But both of those great races, both of them don't compare to what's happening now. In Florida, we took a massive lead. And all of these players -- I mean, there's something happening that's really good.
There's something happening that's really good, but let's close it out. Pretend you're 1 point down. Would everybody pretend? Let me just do a poll. Who has already voted? [Audience responds affirmatively]
OK, who is going to vote? [Audience responds affirmatively]
Yeah, good. That's what I like. That would be better than the other way. If you've already voted, so I'd say 16%, 17%, maybe 20%, and we're leading. And most of you haven't voted, but you promised you're going to vote. Everybody promise, promise, promise, promise. There's a lot of people in here. Well, the beauty is that a Republican likes to vote late, and they like to vote and make sure their votes in the box, right?
They want to vote. They just feel better about it. And so we had a lot of people voting, but really that's the same -- I do it in every event. I say who's voted for the last three events. Last night, I was at Penn State, a great place. I met -- I actually met -- this is an amazing -- the National Championship Wrestling team.
They won -- the Penn State won the national championship. But listen to this, 11 out of the last 13 years, even Jim Jordan would be impressed by that. Jim Jordan is a great guy. He's a great wrestler, all-American wrestler, Jim. You can see it by the way he acts, not afraid of anything, right? And I looked at those guys, and they're rough as hell.
I said you may the -- you may be the only people that can take Tren de Aragua in a fight, and it won't even be that easy for them. They're tough people. But it was great to meet that team and those great champions, amazing, really great champions. And we were packed at Penn State. We were packed no matter where we go. We're packed no matter where we go because there's something happening, and the something happening is they want to take back their country.
People want to take back their country. You love the country. I love the country. We want to take it back. I could be right now on the most beautiful beach in the world. I could be at Turnberry in Scotland. I own it. I could be anywhere. I got that greatest. I don't have to be here, but I would much rather be at Madison Square Garden with you.
So we're thrilled to be joined today by an incredible group of patriots who are going to help us save our country, including our next vice president, J. D. Vance; and a man who was so incredible. Last week, I watched that rocket ship come down. I've never seen one. I told the story last night. I was on the phone with a very, very important person, and I'm talking to him, and I'm watching the television while I'm talking to this guy.
He's boring as hell. And I said wait a minute, wait, wait, wait a minute. I'm looking at the screen, and I see this rocket pouring. The fire, the flames, it's all over the place. It was white a week ago, and now it's pitch black from the burning, coming down at 10,000 miles an hour. It's coming down, and I love it. He's that great.
You know what he was doing for the last week? Campaigning in Pennsylvania. He's a sweetheart, too. So I'm talking to this guy, very important guy, big, big guy, and I have the television screen on, and there's rockets coming down. And I said, you know? It was pure beautiful white when it left, but it's burned from the fire and the flame, and it is -- and now I see it coming down like this, and it's like 20 stories tall or something.
It's massive, and it's coming down. And I say to the guy, hey, do me a favor. Will you hold on a minute? Just hold on. I'm going to -- I'll talk to you. This is like one of the most important people. I'm watching. I said just hold on. I put the phone down. By the way, I never picked it up again. You know what these people are going to say?
He's cognitively impaired. He's cognitively impaired. Oh, you don't think so? They're the worst. They are the worst. So I put it down, and I'm watching this rocket and I see the engines. I say, oh, it's going to crash, no, because it was looking right next to a gantry. I guess they call it the gantry, whatever the hell they call it, the launching pad.
And it's coming down at a bad angle, Elon. I wasn't happy, and I was a little worried. You might have been worried, too. I said, oh, no, it's not going to be good. And then all of a sudden, I saw the flame on the bottom left, and it was ripping. The flame was pouring out of that sucker, and it straightened it out like this.
And it came down, and it landed. And then it's two of these big, beautiful arms, grabbed it, and they held it tight. And I said I wasn't sure if it was a movie. I actually thought it might be one of these crazy movies. And I said I got to a call Elon, and I called him. I said, Elon, was that you? This is like about four minutes after.
Was that you? "Yep, that was me." I say, Elon, you're a genius. You are a genius. You are a -- he is special. He is special. And you know what he wants more than anything else? For our country to be really well run, solidly run, to be run democratically, all the things that everybody in this room wants. And I mean, honestly, he left that pad, and he went to Pennsylvania to campaign.
Can you believe it? And I asked him a couple of questions I said, Elon, let me ask you a question. Can Russia do that? "No." Can China do that? "No." Can anybody do that, other than you? "Nobody else can do it. Nobody else can do it," pretty good. And he said, "And they won't be able to for 10 years," you said, right?
They won't be able to for 10 years. No, he's amazing, and he's a great guy, too. He really is. Got to remember him. This is a piece of work. We had a black hat, right? You saw him with a black hat at Butler. He was there, and it was beautiful. We had 101,000 people celebrating a great firefighter, a great guy, Corey.
And Elon got up, and I didn't even know we made a black hat. I've never seen anybody wear it. I see the red hats all over the place, the white hats. I see all different, but I never saw black. But he liked the black. He's a little different. It's a black hat with black letters, OK? It's called understated.
And he -- I said you like that hat. He said, "I love that hat. I call it dark MAGA." But do you know that after that evening, that became our No. 1 best-selling hat for that week. All I have to do is put something on him now. You're great, and thank you very much. Thank you very much. He's great. Thank you.
And we also have somebody that is great. And look, we're not going to let him go too crazy, Elon, with the oil and gas stuff because Robert F. Kennedy cares more about human beings and health and the environment than anybody. And he's going to be absolutely -- having him is such a great honor. I've been friends of his for a long time, and I'm going to let him go wild on health.
I'm going to let him go wild on the food. I'm going to let him go wild on medicines. The only thing I don't think I'm going to let him even get near is the liquid gold that we have under our feet. I don't know, Elon. He might not like liquid gold. It's oil and gas, sometimes referred to as oil and gas. J.D., I think we're going to have to keep him away from the oil and gas.
What do you think, Howard, yes? But where is Robert? He's around -- he gave a beautiful speech. He's a great guy. He truly cares. I mean, he truly cares about this, and it's an honor. And we're all so pleased to be joined by my beautiful wife. She's got the No. 1 bestselling book in the whole universe, New York Times, No. 1 bestselling.
Go out and buy one of her -- it's a great book. It's a great -- You know what? I was nervous when I read it. I said I wonder if she said some bad stuff about me. I was very nervous, but she's great. Congratulations, honey. That's a big deal, No. 1 in the New York Times list. Now if she's No. 1 and her name is Trump on the New York Times list, that book definitely was No. 1. I guarantee you that.
Thank you, honey. Great. And we have a fabulous, brilliant woman, top student at Yale Law School. They were both top students. They're going to have very smart kids if you believe in that. I believe in it strongly. I would like to have their children because they are going to be smart. Yale Law School, top of the class, both of them.
Usha Vance. Thank you, Usha, for being here. Thank you. Thank you very much, with their two beautiful children. And my children are here, Don and Eric and Tiffany, along with Lara, Kimberly, and Michael. We have great people. We have Barron home. He's watching that. Barron is watching. He's the king of the Internet.
He's the king of the Internet. Oh, who was that? That's very nice. My sister, Elizabeth, is here. She's great. I don't know where she is, but she's great, and we love her. And Speaker Mike Johnson is here, and he's doing a great job. It's not easy when you have a majority of three, but he's done a great job, and he's going to continue to do a great job, and we like him.
He's a terrific person. I watched him just totally decapitate a fake reporter on NBC, Meet the Press, Meet the Fake Press. What he did to her was, I think, probably never -- she'll never be the same. Nobody would know. Look at him. He's such a nice-looking guy, just that little, beautiful face with the glasses, got the little glasses.
Everyone says, "Oh, he's so nice. He's such a nice person." He's not a nice person. He's not nice at all, right, Matt? But great job. We think he's great, and he's going to be around for a long time, I predict. We have a senator here who I love, Senator Tommy Tuberville. And he's a from a great place, Alabama.
I love Alabama. I'm up in Alabama by 49 points, 49 points. We're up by a lot in a lot of different places, but it's a great place. And thank you, Tommy. And all of our other great congressmen. We have so many. If I ever named them, we're going to be up here a long time. So they're going to be angry. They won't speak to me for probably a month or so, but it will calm down after that, right, Matt Gaetz?
It will calm down. It will calm down. But we have great, great people, and they're really doing their job. And we're going to turn this country around. With me, we got to get the congressman elected, and we got to get the senators elected because we can take the senate pretty easily. And I think with our little secret, we're going to do really well with the House, right?
Our little secret is having a big impact. He and I have a secret. We'll tell you what it is when the race is over. I also want to thank Jim Dolan and everyone at Madison Square Garden for an unbelievable -- this is unbelievable. I've watched the Knicks and Rangers here, and what a location. They tried to talk Jim out of this location. "We're going to move you to the river.
We're going to move you all over the place," and he's tough. He said, "I don't know." They offered him all sorts of money. "We're going to move Madison. It's a very prime location. We're going to move it to the river." Well, we're right on top of every train hub in the -- like the world or something right here.
And he didn't like it that much, but he was offered a lot. Man, did he make a good decision. That would have been peanuts compared to the value, but there's no place like Madison Square Garden. Thank you very much to Jim and all of your people. But here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas.
She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police. Can you believe it? She was one of the originals for Defund the Police. And anybody who wants to defund our great police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States because that's where her thinking is. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE.
You know those tough people you've been looking up at the screen, they're the ones that get them out of our country. They're -- I know a lot of people right in these rows. They're very tough. They don't want any part of it. They got to go in there. Fist ablazing to move them. We had a case in Long Island where MS-13, one of the other really bad gangs, killed two young girls, 16 years old, walking to school.
They didn't shoot them. They knifed them, and they cut them into little pieces because it was so painful. Perfect, perfect, young, beautiful girls were cut up into little pieces by knives. MS-13, they're animals. And you know who took care of it for us? ICE. They had no problem. Kamala wants to defund ICE.
We're not defunding ICCE, right? No, we're not defunding ICE. We're not even going to think about it. She's never going to get the chance. There's no way she becomes president. There's no way. Radical-left lunatic who destroyed -- she destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed -- along with Gavin Newscum, the governor, who's the worst -- one of the worst governors in the country, they destroyed California.
And she's not going to get a chance to destroy our country any further. We're going to get it back fast. She wants to ban fracking. And as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as a totally nonviolent crime. She pledged to confiscate your guns.
Is there anybody in the room that would like to give up their gun to Kamala? [Audience boos]
I had a feeling you might say that. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. I don't think that's good. When a criminal crawls into your house at night, it would be nice to be able to at least have a chance, wouldn't it? Wouldn't it be nice? She even called for free sex change operations on illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense.
Think of it, at taxpayer -- she said, "They're caught. They're illegally detained. But if they want a sex change operation, she's all in favor." Now she gave this stuff up about a year ago, a little more, because it didn't work. It wasn't working too well with the electorate, but she'll be back to it because that's where the -- she's a radical-left person from San Francisco.
She destroyed the place. But she lied about that, but she also lied about something very important. For years and years, she said she had a job at McDonald's. And the reason I went there last week -- do you know that I got a call from Sundar, a very smart guy at Google? He said, "This is the most amazing thing.
We've had just about more hits on this crazy McDonald's story." And I went there just to prove a little point. See, you never know how something's going to work out, Mr. VP, do you? But he called, and he said we've had more hits on McDonald than -- I think he said anything we've ever had, but let's say it's close.
And did anybody watch Joe Rogan recently? [Audience responds affirmatively]
Good. So she lied about McDonald's. She lied about everything. She's got ads on saying Donald Trump is this. He's going to do this. He's going to do -- it's the exact opposite what my policies are. He's got -- she's got me doing this. He doesn't want to frack. No, no, I'm all for fracking, and I have been for -- one thing I have been -- even the enemy, because they are the enemy.
What they've said -- even that enemy, too, and they're really the enemy. They're the enemy of the people, the press. They said one thing about me that I consider a great compliment. They said, "This guy is the most consistent person we've ever seen," because I've been against cars and car factories being taken out of Detroit and being taken out of our -- manufacturing of automobiles being taken out of our system, out of our country.
For years, I've been against all of the things that are happening and have happened. We stopped it. And now we -- now it's happening again when you hear 50,000 manufacturing jobs lost in just a short period of time. But I've been the most consistent because we're going to bring our manufacturing back to the United States.
It's all coming back, so get ready. Get ready. You're going to have your choice of great jobs. And on top of all this, Kamala tried to turn our military woke. So tonight, whether you are a Republican, Democrat, or independent, conservative, or liberal, I'm inviting you to join the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
It's really the -- it's the greatest movement in the history of our country. I tell this story years ago. There's a guy who's a great guy, older guy, now very old, but he was great, conservative guy, Pat Buchanan, right? We know Pat Buchanan. He came in second in the New Hampshire primary. And for 45 years, he made an unbelievable career of it. He was a hot item.
He was on every show. He came in second in one primary. We came in first in 50 primaries. We then had a great election that we won. We then had another great election that we did a hell of a lot better in. Bad things happened. We're not going to let that happen. COVID, they used COVID to cheat, but we then had an election.
But now we have the election of all. This will be, in my opinion -- I have to say if because there's always risks, I guess. But if we pull this off, this will be the biggest political event in the history of our country, right? And we're building the biggest, broadest, most diverse coalition in American history, including union workers and Border Patrol agents.
By the way, the Border Patrol gave me last week their complete and total endorsement. They said he's the greatest president in the history of the country, but we don't have to go that far. And they said there's never been anybody like him on the border. They said to him, the fake news said, has she ever called you?
No. They didn't like that answer, by the way. Then they asked her, have you ever called? No. She never called. Almost four years, she never called, not once the Border Patrol. And she was the border czar. She was in charge of the border. Now think of it, four years, she never called. Now she's trying to say, well, I was really not the border --whether she was the border czar or not, she was put in charge of the border by Sleepy Joe, and then he went to bed.
He put her in charge, went to bed. She did the worst job on the border than anybody has done in the history of the world. There's never been a border like this in the world. And a third-world country would fight people with sticks and stones to stop them from pouring into their country, and we let them just come right in. What a shame.
What a shame. Police and firefighters also, we have every endorsement from virtually every sheriff's department, police department. I don't think they have one cop. They're looking for just one cop. Is there one? Well, it's not going to be a New York's Finest. By the way, how good are the police outside, New York's finest?
And I want to thank Mayor Adams because Mayor Adams has been treated pretty badly. When he said that this whole thing with the migrants coming into New York, this is just not sustainable. We can't do it. We're trying to run a city. We got 100,000 migrants coming. We got to -- we can't do it. It just can't do it. It's not feasible.
It's not good. He said it very nicely. I said, well, he's going to be indicted by these lunatics for saying that. A year later, he got indicted. I think they upgraded his seat in an airplane. I hear it's a very serious charge. They've upgraded my seat a lot, too. I used to fly commercial. I don't fly it so much anymore.
But they'd see me back there, "And, sir, would you like an upgrade?" I don't know. Maybe it's something else. But I have to tell you, he's been really great. And he said that they shouldn't be calling Trump a dictator because it's not true. That's nice. That was nice, very nice. So we want to thank Mayor Adams going through a hard time with these people.
These are lunatics, by the way. They've weaponized the Justice Department against their political opponent. I am under investigation more than the great, late Alphonse Capone. My father's looking down on me right now, who's a tough guy, but he was like legit. And I know my mother's in heaven. I'm not 100% sure my father, but it's close.
But he's looking down at me right now, and he's saying, "How the hell did this happen to my son? He's not a bad person." I'm a good person. All we want to do is straighten out our country. But all of the veterans are with us. All of the steelworkers. I saved our steel. I saved our steel plants, and I don't like Japan buying U.S. steel.
U.S. Steel used to be like Elon Musk like 70 years ago, the biggest, the best company in the world. You know that, Elon? You would know. He's too young to know. U.S steel was the big baby. That was a big -- I don't know. There's something nice about U.S. steel being the biggest as opposed to Google. It's like a different kind of a company.
But we sort of need steel in this country. Like we're not going to go to war with me as your president. But if we -- on the long shot that we do, we don't want to say we need steel. Can we get it from China? Or can we get it from someplace else? Good -- it's always a possibility. But I will tell you, you're not going to have a war with me, and you're not going to have a third world war with me. That, I can tell you.
But we need steel. And I would not approve U.S. steel being bought by Japan. I wouldn't do it just out of -- psychologically, not good. We'll help them out, but we don't -- I don't like it. We're seeing historic levels of support among our Black population, Hispanic population, and our Asian population, Jews, Muslims.
By the way, did anybody see yesterday, did anybody see what took place? I was with the Muslims yesterday in Michigan. And when the polls first came out, they had 100%, I had zero. And yesterday, I watched this anchor on CNN almost choke. She said something's happening in Michigan, big population, a couple of hundred thousand, a lot of votes.
Something's happening. The polls just came out. Trump is at 59. Kamala is at 8 with the Muslim population. They never saw anything like that. And these are people -- by the way, they're great. They just want peace. They want to have peace, and it's great. So Jews and Muslims and Catholics and Evangelicals and Mormons and -- they're all joining our cause in large numbers larger than anyone has ever seen in this country before, larger than they've ever seen in any country.
And the Republican Party has really become the party of inclusion, and that's something very nice about that. And we're a big, powerful party, and they're losing it. They're really losing it. Together, we will lift America to glory beyond your wildest dreams. It's going to happen fast, too. So in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.
We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America. We're even going to get Elon to bring that stuff back. We will build America. We will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never happened if I were president.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War 3 from happening. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military in total, rebuilt all of our military, built 571 miles of wall, too.
I took it out of the military because I couldn't get it from the people in Congress that should have given it to us. So I considered it an invasion. I said to a couple of generals, I said congratulations. This is an invasion of our country. So I took it out of the military, had nine lawsuits and won them all.
We will build a massive defense shield all made in the U.S.A. We're going to build a beautiful dome over our country, and a lot of it's going to be made right here in New York. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.C., which has become a very dangerous and badly managed place.
We're going to make them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And as long as the speaker of the House of Representatives is here, I would like to put forward a bill because I watched two months ago as some very bad people -- radical-left people, by the way, nothing happened to him, in Washington, D. C. burned our American flags.
They were burning flags. [Audience boos]
And I would like to suggest that we put in a bill, if you burn the American flag, one year in jail. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms.
Our Second Amendment is under siege. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens. It's called America First, and it's going to happen at levels never seen before.
And I'll tell our friends, our allies who sometimes treat us very badly that it's about time we take care of ourselves. And we will stop the illegal immigration that's taking place at levels never seen before. We will stop it cold and once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun.
We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And very much so, it will be filled with the American dream. We're bringing back the American dream, and we're going to bring it back at the highest level that you've ever seen.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. So you need to get out and vote, get your husband off the couch. The football game doesn't mean a damn thing. You got to get out and vote. Get up, Harry. Come on, Harry. Get up. Harry.
Let's go. You're going to vote for the President, Harry. We're going to save our country. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you.
It belongs to you. No city embodies the spirit, energy, and potential of the American people more than where we are gathered tonight. We want to win our country, but we also want to win New York and make it safe and strong and beautiful and affordable and vibrant again, and we're going to do that. And we'll work with the mayor, and we'll work with the governor.
We're going to do that. We're going to make it great. When I left for Washington eight years ago, we had a horrible mayor named de Blasio. He was a horrible, horrible -- and things you could see, they weren't being properly done. But still, it was a place that people wanted to be and all. But since then, our federal government, what they've done to this place, what they've done to the state -- and I mean, to force hundreds of thousands of really rough people into this beautiful -- I call it a beautiful oasis.
When I left, New York was the place you wanted to be, and now people just don't speak well of it. But we're going to bring it back, and we're going to bring it back strong. And I hope you go out and vote. You got to vote for -- you got to vote. It would be such an honor to win New York, hasn't been done in decades, hasn't been done in so long.
It hasn't been done in so long. They all say, sir, you're wasting your money. Don't -- I don't think so. Your crime is through the roof. Everything is through the roof. I remember during the debate, they said, "No, sir." This stupid person named David Muir from ABC Fake News. He said, "Sir, crime is not through the roof.
Crime is down." I said no, it's not. I said it's not down. It's up. "It's down." I was like debating three people. And him, I had that person next to him who I never even heard of. But it turned out the following day, they released the stats, and crime was up 45%. And what a shame. What a shame. We really need a fair press in this country.
If we have a fair press, that's going to be 50% of the battle of bringing it back. But this is the city where I was born and raised, and this is the town that taught me that Americans can do anything when they want to. So no matter our differences, when we work together, there is nothing that we cannot achieve.
From New York to Las Vegas from Philadelphia to Phoenix, from Chicago to Charlotte, from Atlanta to Detroit, this nation was built by generations of American patriots who gave everything they had for our rights, our future, and for our freedom. Through freezing cold winters and hot scorching summers, through storms and setbacks and conflicts and danger, our American ancestors pushed onward, marched forward, and overcame every single obstacle that stood in their way.
Together, they crossed the oceans, settle the continent, tame the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up those mighty skyscrapers, built the highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and launched American astronauts to the moon. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country.
And nine days from now, it's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all, we have been through together. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of the U.S.A. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we all love.
We bleed the same blood. We share the same home, and we salute the same great American flag. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never ever back down, and we will never, ever, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win.
We're going to win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Thank you, New York. God bless you. God bless you all. Thank you.
Wow. Thank you. Wow. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, and hello to a very special place, North Carolina. We love it. We love it. We've been making the rounds today, and we've done a number of these. I don't know how many people could do them. I don't know. But you love it. You know why? There's like a love, it's the crazy love we have for each other.
It's crazy. But I'm thrilled to be back in this great, beautiful place. It's a wonderful place with wonderful people. They really are proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what they are. And I'd like to begin by asking a very, very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so.
I don't think so. So, I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote, Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the massive invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. And this is all you really need to know. Is she the worst or what? She's the worst.
And you know what [Audience member calls out "She's an idiot."] I don't like to say it. OK. You promise that you're going to be voting on Tuesday, right [Audience responds affirmatively] if you haven't already voted because I'm not supposed to say this. You know, I'm going to be like the fake news. They're saying it's very close.
It's really not very close. Based on -- based on what's been happening, it's not so close. We're leading -- we're leading in all seven swing states, as you probably know. And we just left Governor Youngkin, and we're certainly doing well in Virginia. It's not considered a swing state, but it may very well be a swing state.
And I just had a little thing, a little birdie told me that we're -- we're leading in New Jersey. What's that all about, huh? We love New Jersey. I always said about New Jersey, I said it's going to happen there. But -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] So, remember this, she's the worst vice president in history, and she broke it.
She just broke the whole damn thing. But I will fix it, and I'll fix it fast. We're going to do it quickly. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. And this election is a choice between whether we'll have a -- think of it -- four more years of incompetence and failure.
Does anybody like that? Because some people like that. [Audience boos] Some people like it. You know, it's more interesting to watch. Isn't that more interesting to watch, a totally grossly incompetent administration? The other way, it's boring. You know, everything works out well, Mr. Senator. Got a lot of senators, a lot of power here tonight.
Whoa. Look at that, huh? A lot of -- a lot of big people. There's a lot of power here tonight. Or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country, right? We think we like that. These are the front-row joes. They've been with me like 400 and something times, front-row joes.
Now, you're wearing -- because -- you know, I saw them. They were here. I did another one today. They were there, too. These are great -- they got a lot of money, too. I hear they're rich people. I hear they have a lot of cash. Oh, the front-row joes. But I -- I was very upset because they were actually sitting in the second row.
I said, "What the hell happened to you, guys?" Never. But now, you're back where you belong, right, the front-row joe. And we have about 50 of the most beautiful women anywhere in the world, and they're represented by about 20 tonight. And they've seen -- I think it's like 251 rallies they've been to.
They're beautiful women. They're wealthy women. They live in a place called North Carolina. And, you know, we did another one in North Carolina, and I really didn't see them. [Audience member calls out "We were there."] They had impostors. No, they had some impostors today. They were saying, "We're the women," and I'm looking at these women that were like 16 or 17 years old.
I said, "You're not the women." And I was insulted because I come to their state and they weren't there. And I said, "Well, what the hell?" But now, I see that they're here. You can't ask them to go to two in one because that was in North Carolina today. Early -- we saw that early in the morning, and here we are late at night.
And here, I'm doing the same stuff. But, you know, I was a little insulted. I said, "Where are --" We call them the ladies from North Carolina. These are very successful ladies. I have no idea what's happening with their husbands. They're all happily married. But I have no -- I never see the husbands at all.
I'd never seen them. But they've been to literally more than 250 rallies, right? So -- but I was very -- I was very upset today because, in my first, it was North Carolina -- can you believe this? I go from North Carolina to Virginia and then back to North Carolina. Does that make sense? So, now, I'm no longer upset because nobody can expect them -- as crazy as we all are, nobody can expect them to go to two rallies in one day.
I think their husbands maybe would leave them for that. That would be the end -- that would be the end of it, Mr. Senator. You're a great senator. You are -- you are a great senator. The ladies from North Carolina, look at them. Thank you. Thank you. We're proud of you. And, you know, it's sad, though, actually, because we've done this now for nine years.
We've had the biggest rallies in history of any country. And every rally is full. You don't have any seats that are empty. You don't have anything. Yet -- I mean, the one we had today, you missed a beauty. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] We could have filled that place up 20 times. I mean, that was beautiful.
And the Virginia -- did you hear about the Virginia rally? That was on -- Glenn Youngkin did a great job, the governor of Virginia, and they had a crowd there that was incredible. And then we came here. And we don't want to be late, but it's very hard. When you do these things, it's very hard, and you don't mind a little bit.
We weren't very late. We weren't very late, just a few minutes, just a few minutes, depending on your definition of when it's going to start. But, you know, we've been doing -- I was talking to some of the people. It's sort of -- you know, in a way, it's sad; and in a way, it's beautiful. I was talking to them, and I said, "You know, this is coming to an end. These rallies are coming to an end."
We've been doing them -- think of it -- for like nine years. We started a year before, and we've had tremendous success. In 2016, we did phenomenally, right? We went in. They said -- they gave us a 3 percent chance and sort of like amazing, right, 3 percent. That means 97 percent for crooked Hillary and 3 percent for me.
And I -- I was saying, "Well, I went to Iowa, and I had -- I had 48,000 people and she had about 300 people. And then we went to another one in another state. We had 49,000 people. She had 243 people." And I kept saying, "Why are we going to lose? Why? Why? How -- why are we going to lose?" And we didn't lose.
You know, we ended up winning -- and we ended up winning the presidency, right? And that was an exciting night. Remember how it started? [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] It started with a bunch of fake news. Look, there they are. [Audience boos] That's a lot of fake news. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
That's a lot of fake news. That's a hell of a lot of fake news. The fakers, I call them now. I'm sort of lightening up. I'm starting to like them, too. I don't know what it would be like to get good publicity. I really don't. They treat me so badly. They are the worst. [Audience member calls out "Boo"] And yet, it works.
You know, it could be they treat me good and nobody would come. I don't know. There's something screwy here. But no, they treat us terribly, but I don't care because we keep winning. As long as we keep winning, we don't care. But -- so what's been amazing is that we've just had this success. But if you remember, in 2016 -- so I started off at 3 percent.
I never even heard of this before, but I guess you know it more as a candidate. But I was given a 3 percent chance of beating crooked Hillary, and I understand that because, you know, she was a secretary of state and she was married to the president of the United States and she was a smart and is a smart woman.
She lies like hell, but not as bad as Kamala. And -- I mean, she's much smarter than Kamala, but she doesn't lie as much. Hillary is a liar, a real liar. But Kamala is crazy. Kamala actually said, "He is not going to frac. He is not going to drill for oil. He's not going to drill, drill, drill." I've been saying drill all my life.
I'm saying, "We're going to drill." No, they made it up. [Audience chants "Trump"] He is not in favor of IVF fertilization. I am. I'm like the father -- I consider myself to be the father of fertilization, remember? We got -- remember we got the bed? They got a ruling from an Alabama judge, very conservative judge, probably a good judge, but he gave a very strong ruling.
And Katie Britt, the senator from Alabama, called up, "Sir, you have to help us. You have to help us." I said, "Explain." She said about what happened with the IVF. The judge said close all the clinics all over Alabama, and she said everyone is furious. I said, "Explain it to me." And when she explained it, it took me about two minutes to figure it out.
And I came out with a very strong statement, totally in favor. We want to help women and totally in favor. And now -- and it worked, and -- and -- where they passed -- by the way, they -- they met -- the Alabama legislature met the following day and approved everything. I mean, it was amazing, really, when you think.
And then -- and then -- think of it. And then -- and so it was 100 percent. And she said I'm against -- I'm against IVF. This woman, I've never seen anything like it. Oh, 2025 -- Project 2025. I've never read it. I don't want to read it because that way I can be honest with you. I don't want to read it. [Audience member calls out "Thank you"]
Some people got together. I assume they're extremely conservative. I mean, that's OK. Then they came up with a plan. But I told them I don't know about the plan. They had a couple of people that worked for me in the administration, I guess, or something, but -- and they came up with some kind of a plan, and it's on the conservative side, I assume.
And they keep talking about Project 2025. And I said, "I don't know about it. I don't --" Everything she says is a lie. It's the most incredible -- I can go point after point, when, in fact, she's changed 15 policy positions, the most in the history of presidential politics. She wants to take away your guns.
She said, "No, I'd love for you to keep them." [Audience boos] "I'd love for you to keep your guns." Would anybody like to give up their gun to Kamala right now? [Audience responds "No"] No, she's -- everything she's changed. "There will be no fracking my -- in my life, I will never approve fracking. I will never approve drilling for oil. Isn't it terrible?"
This is her. And then what does she do? She says, "I'd like fracking very much," because she was getting creamed in the polls. Anyway, she changed 15 policies. There's never been anything like it. And I will tell you, we're winning by so much because people aren't going to take that. They know where it's coming from.
But all of the problems that she's caused -- she's caused tremendous problems for our country. And if you've seen the new numbers that just came out, they are -- this is like we're in a depression. And we're going to talk about it. But every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is really in your hands.
This is a very important state, and we have to get this solved. We have to get you out. We're winning by a lot, but, you know, you can lose by a little. You know, when you're winning by a lot, you can still lose by a little, and we can't take a chance of losing the great state of North Carolina. We're not going to lose the great state of North Carolina.
On Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, that you can't take it anymore, that she was the worst vice president in the history of our country, that she works -- she works for the worst president in history, OK? He makes Jimmy Carter look great. Jimmy Carter is the happiest man.
He just turned 100, and he can now go down as a brilliant president by comparison to this. Well, he didn't let 21 million people come into our country from jails, prisons, and everything else, right? But you can just now say, "Kamala, you don't get any worse than you. Kamala, I can't stand you, Kamala. Kamala, you're fired. Get out, out. Get out. Get out. Can't stand you, Kamala. Get out. You've destroyed our country."
I want to send our prayers to everyone here in North Carolina who is still recovering from Hurricane Helene. It was a bad one. That was a bad one. I was there. I was there. I saw the devastation. I was there long before Kamala, long before. They're still not seeing Kamala. They're not seeing federal government, that I can tell you.
The job they've done is terrible. But, you know, they've spent all the money on illegal aliens coming into our country. [Audience boos] It's true. As you know firsthand, Kamala's hurricane response was a disgrace and a betrayal of her duty as a vice president or whatever the hell she is. Nobody even knows anymore.
Where the hell is Biden? What happened to that guy? Where's Biden? Tell me, is this the worst administration in history? [Audience responds affirmatively] Where the hell is Biden? Where's Biden? The ladies from North Carolina, what happened to Biden? The hell is going on. This is the worst administration in history.
Nobody knows who the hell they're supposed to be talking to. The only thing that's good is you have totally confused the enemy because President Xi of China is saying, "Who the hell are we speaking to over there? What's going on with that place?" Putin is calling, "Nobody ever calls me. I'm fighting a war, nobody ever talks to me."
We can talk him into not fighting if we had, you know, competent people, but they are not competent. No, but think of these guys, they're probably saying, "Who the hell is running the United States of America?" It can't be her. She's a low-IQ individual. No, just yesterday, it was reported that under Kamala, almost 50 percent of the phone calls to FEMA, it was a disaster.
They went unanswered. FEMA was not even answering their calls. They had no money. They couldn't pay their damn phone bill because all the money's gone to the migrants [Audience boos] the migrants coming in from various and sundry prisons and -- and mental institutions, right? North Carolina called out for help, and the phone rang, rang, rang.
I had to get you -- I had to call -- they actually asked me -- good -- good people from North Carolina, let me tell you, but they were having -- this was the worst water hurricane. They call it a water hurricane. It had more water than, I guess, anything they've ever seen. I know this. I was in Palm Beach, and we got -- we were actually hit, if you can believe it, lightly by comparison, but it spread all over the Florida landmass, which is amazing.
But think of it, they had no -- no -- they weren't prepared at all, the federal government. You know who was prepared? Franklin Graham and a lot of other people. Thank God. And I gave Franklin -- we gave him a lot of money and others, too, $7 million. That's good. And the reason is they do such a good job.
I was going to do it myself, and then I see Franklin, the way he works, and I said, "You do it. Here's the money. Just do it." But he was great, and the whole group is great. And -- but we had no help from FEMA. FEMA is a disaster. They are missing in action. They had -- they -- they have no money. They took -- they took all of the money, and they spent it on the migrants.
They have no money. What a disgrace. So, they have no money for the people of North Carolina that have lost their houses. Many have died, many are missing, and it's a horrible thing, and they don't have the money. But we're going to be here, hopefully, on January 20th, and you're going to see very good and very quick service, right? Very quick.
You know, Kamala is putting up migrants in luxury hotels in Manhattan, while Americans who have lost their homes are living in tents and living without tents, too. But, you know, one of the most incredible things about what's taking place -- and I was not interested in the election from the standpoint of North Carolina with the people.
I wanted to have the people solve their problem, get -- help them. But from the election standpoint, I said to my people, "I don't think -- I think the most you can probably get is 50 percent of the vote." Who's -- you know, they lost their houses. They've lost relatives and husbands and wives. I mean, you know, a lot of people killed.
Terrible. And I said to them, I said, "That's the worst. That's 99 percent of our effort. But just out of curiosity --" We have a -- you know, an election going on, a big one. I think the most important election in the history of our country. I said, "So, just out of curiosity, are they going to be able to vote in North Carolina?" They just got hit so hard.
And I figured, if we got 40 or 50 percent of the vote, it would be great. I mean, it would be wonderful. That would be nice. And you know what happened? You broke the all-time record for voting. I mean, how the -- think of it. You broke the all-time record thus far. In other words, this far in, and it's not even close.
What do you think of that, Mr. Senator Budd? What do you think? That's pretty amazing people, right? No, but think of it, I figured, if you got 50 percent, it would be a miracle, and they -- they beat the records from other times. But we -- we've had just a great -- a great time together. We had 2016.
Then we have 2020, where we did much better, OK? We did much better. We got a lot more votes. We got millions of more votes, but a lot of -- a lot of things happened. A lot of bad things happened. But this time, I will tell you -- and I think a lot of it is that you like me [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] but you like me even better because you saw these grossly incompetent people that made me much more popular than I was and maybe more popular than I should be.
I don't know. Because we're blowing it away. We're doing -- now, I don't know. You still have to go and vote. We have to -- you know, as they say in football, let's finish it off, right? [Audience member calls out "Yup"] You got to get that ball across the -- the end zone. You got to get it into the end zone, and that's where we are.
But we're in great shape to finish off these people, these leftists, crazy people that are destroying our country. And we're not going to let them destroy it. She destroyed San Francisco. She helped destroy the state of California. We're not going to let her destroy our country. We're not going to let it happen.
So, we've got to get out there and vote. And when I'm president, we're going to evict the illegals, and we'll take back our properties. You know, they've -- you take a look at what they've done. They've -- they've actually taken over property. All over our country, they've taken over property. And, you know, we're going to get the housing and the relief and everything else that we need, but we're taking back -- we're going to take back our country, OK? And under the Trump administration, the only free service we're going to be given to these illegal alien criminals -- and -- and many of them are not criminals, but a tremendous number of criminals are here.
The only free aid they're going to get is a free ride back home. And I'm always going to put America first. And we are just three days away from the greatest political victory in the history of our country, I guess in the history of the world. But it only happens if you vote. If you don't vote, then bad things could happen.
You'll be very depressed, and we don't want to have depression, right? [Audience responds "No"] There's no depression. You know the best way to stop depression? Work your ass off. Work your ass off. You don't have time. You want to work so hard that you don't have time for depression. But I didn't come here looking for your money.
I don't need your money. I don't want your money. All I want you to do is get out and vote. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Get out and vote, Tuesday. We've already -- you've -- a lot -- let's see, out of curiosity, who has voted already? So, who's going to be voting on Tuesday? All right. That's good.
That's good. I'm actually going to be voting on Tuesday, also. With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris and we're going to win North Carolina and we're going to make America great again. Thank you. [Audience chants "Trump"] So, just to finish it off, because I'm the greatest weaver. You know, we weave.
They used to say, "Oh, he's rambling." No, I'm not rambling. It's like genius, OK? I don't ramble. I don't ramble. I'll let you know when I ramble, and then we'll have to talk. No, I cover different territories. It always ends up back in the right location. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] But if you look at what we've done together, it's -- you know, let's see, I'll have three tomorrow. [Audience member calls out "Thank you, President Trump. We love you."]
On Monday, I'm going to do four -- four of these. That's a lot. How many people can do four of these in one day? I don't think too many people. [Audience responds "You"] [Audience chants "Trump"] And I was going to ask you -- thank you. [Audience chants "Trump"] And I was going to ask you -- [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
You know, it's late. What the hell time is anyway? You lose total track. I was going to ask you, maybe I'll do a very shortened version, and will everybody be happy with that? [Audience responds "No"] I didn't think so. No, we won't do that. We won't do that. But -- so just to finish off the original thought, though.
It's always nice to finish things up, like in life, you got to finish it up properly. But it's -- was Rogan good? Did he do a good job, though? [Audience responds affirmatively] That was good, right? Joe Rogan, good man. He's a good man. We had a lot of -- a lot of fun with a lot of different things, but we're going to take over -- over this, and what we've done is -- it's sad that it's coming to an end.
So, tomorrow, I'm doing three rallies. And on Monday, I'm going to do four rallies in one day. That's a lot. I mean, my opponent today, like, gave a press conference. "Hello. Hello." And then how about -- you know, a couple of days ago, she -- she like -- she's going to take a day off, do a press conference that lasts about three minutes because you can't -- if you ask her a question, she's going to screw it up, so they want it to be -- and then, after that, she just took the day off.
And then she announced a day off and then another day off. And I'm saying, you know, you're trying to win the presidency of the United States and you had, like, at that time, about 14 days left, and she was taking day offs all over the place. And I said, "You want to be president of the United States. How the hell do you take a day off?"
I've gone 62 days now, 62 days doing this stuff. No day off. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] No day off. I don't care. I told the golfers, "Have fun. Enjoy your golf. I'm not playing." I didn't take any day off. We're working hard because we have to win it. And we have to win it not for me.
We have to win it for the country. We've got to take back this craziness. So, never in history has there been anything like this. If, for instance, somebody comes down in four years and they're going to be the Republican nominee or the Democrat nominee and they call for a rally and they'll have 300 or 400 people show up.
And it'll usually be in a ballroom and they'll raise a couple of bucks or something, but you'll have 250. Look, Biden couldn't fill up the eight circles, right? Remember the eight circles? They used to ask the fake news media to, please, would you mind standing in the circle because they couldn't -- but -- but [Audience member calls out "It's a scam."]
it's a -- it's an -- it's like an amazing phenomena, what's taking place. It's never happened before where you -- I don't even ask them. I come out of this very nice airplane. I never say, "Oh, how many people are there? Have we been able to fill?" I never say it. I used to say it at the beginning in 2016, and then I got bored because it was always full.
We always had the -- the ladies of North Carolina. Am I right? Am I right? Always full. And they're going to be -- you're going to have a nice candidate, whoever that candidate may be, and he's going to come in, and he's going to come here. You'll have 200, maybe 250 people. This will never happen again.
I really believe it. I've been told that by many very sophisticated people. Front-row joes, they probably know. But -- and you'll never see the front-row joes either. You know why? Because they don't want to be bored. They don't want to be -- that's the end of the front-row joes. But we're going to do something.
We're going to have a celebration. Let me just tell you the -- so I have three big ones tomorrow, and then I have four big ones on Monday, and then we shut it down. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Never to happen again. But -- which is sad. But here's the good part. Hopefully, we will have achieved our goal.
We're going to become president, and we're going to have a different form of rally, a rally for our country. We're going to fix our country. So, we're going to have rallies for our country. And it is sad. It's sad because this will never happen again. I don't believe it can ever happen again. It was just -- just, the word, amazing, like a [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
confluence. You know what the word confluence? It was a confluence of things that happened and it became something so special. People -- foreign leaders watch our rallies. Can you believe it? I've had the biggest foreign leaders say, "You know, at 6 o'clock in the morning, I watch your rallies." I said, "It's amazing, the biggest people."
But you know what we're going to have, though, because we're going to -- we want to get this done. And then after that, what we're going to have is a different form and probably different -- a different name, not the word rally, but we're going to be even much happier because we're going to set our country into the right path, not the wrong path.
If you saw it today, it came out, they are close to 90 percent -- you know the right way, wrong way thing that they do, these crazy people do back there? How about they're close to 90 percent wrong way, and then she says, "No, I'll do the same thing as Joe Biden has been doing." And he's 90 percent off.
He's got 90 -- nobody's ever been at 90 percent. One thing I'm very proud of, the press, when I first got -- started, the fake news back there -- I'm very proud of that name. I gave a lot of good names, didn't I, right? [Audience member calls out "Yes"] But I'm very proud of that name. But the fake news back there, they were at 92 percent approval rating when we started this journey in 2015.
And now, they're less than Congress, which is in the low 12s. I'm very proud of that. Because I've exposed them as being fake. And the only problem with that -- and I'm so proud of that term. But the only problem with that is the word fake is not strong enough. They're crooked, like crooked Hillary. They're corrupt.
There are actually a lot of corruptness, not all of them, but about 91 percent. [Audience member calls out "Liars"] No, there are some good ones sitting, a couple of good ones, actually. I'm sorry, would you go home and tell your wife I didn't mean -- I wasn't talking about you? He knows who I'm talking about.
No, there are a couple of good ones, but a lot of bad ones. And, you know, really, to make America great again, you really need a free and clear and beautiful and fair press. You really do. But we don't have that. Yesterday, it was announced that Kamala's economy -- and this is the big thing because you never want to be -- you never want to be involved with something like this if you're president.
So, just remember, it started before me. Yesterday were, like, the worst numbers I've ever heard -- I've ever heard. It was announced that Kamala's economy added only 12,000 jobs last month. You know, usually, it's 200,000 [Audience boos] 250,000, 390,000. I mean, 12,000. That's like -- that's like Walmart will add 12,000, not this country.
One of the worst -- he said it's overstated. You got a lot of funny people in North Carolina. No, they're -- they're very -- no, I had it at one of my -- at the rally I had, you had one person -- two people, they were giving me the greatest lines I've ever heard, North Carolina. I actually asked them to stand up.
I was going to take their number because they were great. But that was very good. They're -- they're overstated, he said. No, but it's a very serious thing. Last -- it's only good for one thing. It's horrible. It may be a depression. It's only good for one thing. You know what the one thing is? If you are running for office against the idiots that caused this problem.
If you're running for office, it's very good, right? Other than that, Ted Budd, it's not so good. Other than that -- no, if you're running for office, it's good. If you're running for office against them, it's great, actually. But it's the worst report, one of the worst job reports of all time. It is, actually.
Listen to this. We lost 30,000 private sector jobs in a single month, while one quarter of a million -- think of that -- people left the workforce. A quarter of a million people left the workforce because they didn't have jobs. More than 100,000 manufacturing jobs have been wiped out since the beginning of the year, 50,000 jobs this month.
You know what that is? [Audience member calls out "Bullshit"] I mean -- An amazing statistic is that 100 percent of all of the net job gains in the past year, 100 percent of the gain, all of it has gone to migrants, 100 percent. [Audience boos] And they're taking the jobs from African Americans and Hispanic Americans, and especially the African Americans.
And I'll tell you what, African Americans, if you looked at the numbers, you would never vote for these people. Again, it's a -- it's a whole big con job. And they're trying to delay it till after the election. They shouldn't be allowed to do that because if you take a look at the African -- so you have African American jobs.
People that are occupying these jobs and they're going to lose them and they're losing them at numbers that nobody's ever seen before and they want to announce them after the election. No, they should announce them now. They know what they are. And it's -- a terrible thing is happening. They're coming in and they're taking jobs held by Black people.
They've had -- they've had that job -- those jobs for 10, 15, 20 years. They have a house, they have a little mortgage or something, and their jobs are going to be gone by illegal migrants coming into the country. And you should show those numbers. You should take those numbers and you should announce them before the election because if you see those numbers, everybody is going to be -- and by the way, Hispanic Americans are next.
They're being -- they're being very, very badly and severely hurt. If Kamala wins, you're three days away from the start of a 1929-style economic depression. That's what a lot of people think and a lot of -- a lot of the -- a lot of the geniuses, the real brilliant people like Scott Bessent and others.
He's a -- I call them the 184 people. You know what that is? One hundred and eighty-four IQ as opposed to about a 70 IQ for our person that we're fighting on the other side. They have 184 IQ. No, these -- the geniuses on Wall Street, a lot of them, you know what they're saying? The only reason the stock market is doing good, doing OK, but it's doing actually good, because everyone thinks that Trump is going to win the presidency.
That's the only reason. I can see that. If I win, you're three days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] that the world has ever seen. Kamala's inflation nightmare has cost the typical American family $30,000 in higher prices.
And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history on you, on everybody in this room, more than $3,000 a year. Congratulations. This is the only person ever to run a campaign on the fact that "I will raise your taxes. Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to tell you --" I mean, the only thing you can say is maybe they're finally honest about something, but who -- I've been watching politics.
Every politician wants to -- you want to do it. Sometimes, you can't. But you want to lower taxes. She's running on a basis that I will raise your taxes. I will take -- you know, I got a lot of things for you. We got passed the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. And included -- and included in that is, like, things I could -- many things are included, many really good things.
But one of them is the estate tax or the death tax. If you have a small farm or a small business, you can give it to your kids, if you like your kids. If you don't, don't bother. Don't even listen. No, there are some people that don't -- are there any people in here that don't like their kids? Because if -- if you don't, then don't waste your time listening to this.
But -- but I -- you know, in that package, I have the estate tax or the death tax, as some people call it, it's a tough tax. And for farmers and small businesses, you can leave it to your kids without a tax. Isn't that nice? And that's a big deal because, like, they leave their farm -- their farm to their children and then the children get the tax bill, which is humongous, and they go out and they borrow money and almost -- I mean, in many, many cases, big percentage, they lose the farm.
It gets taken away by the banks. And they've never dealt with banks before. They don't know how to handle banks. You know, there's a way to handle. [Audience member calls out "You do"] I do. Who said that? I got it out before he did. I do. I know how to handle bank. But the banks come in and they end up taking the farm and, you know, going smiling all the way to the other bank. [Audience member calls out "Boo"]
But I'll -- I'll tell you. Listen. So, they want to end that. They don't want that. And I want that. I think it's great. You love your kids. You leave the farm. They have to go out and borrow a fortune. They have to pay, like, a 50 percent tax on the value, and they don't have that money. And so, often, they lose the farm, they lose the business, they lose whatever it is.
And I have a very powerful paragraph in there, you don't have to do that. And they want to take that out. They don't like that. There's a meanness to this group that you don't -- that a lot of people don't understand. I will massively cut taxes. I'm going to cut taxes for workers and small businesses.
And we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. No tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. Our seniors are going to be happy. You know, our seniors have a, you know, very fixed income, most of them, not all of them. I'm a senior. Can you believe it? I'm a senior.
I don't feel -- I don't feel like a senior. I feel -- and you know what they'll do to me? Tomorrow, there'll be a headlines in that stupid New York Times. They are the worst. There'll be a headline in the Washington Post. Look, it looks like it's phasing out. That's a good thing for America. But the Times is -- the Times will follow.
It's so -- so inaccurate. So, they'll be a headline that I have a conflict of interest because I'm the president and I said no tax on Social Security benefits. "Donald Trump has a conflict of interest. He only did it to save like $100 a week or something." But, you know, we're getting you back a lot of what they have destroyed because inflation has destroyed the seniors and people on a fixed income.
And we're getting that back for you by no tax. You deserve that. You deserve that. And to rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy and we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill. Oh, yeah. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We got more liquid gold than Russia, than Saudi.
You know, we were in fourth place when I took over. And when I left -- oh, you have to do me a favor, drop my all-time favorite chart in history, just drop it. Drop that chart if they can, if you can find it. There it is. I love that chart. I sleep with that chart. I kiss that chart. Without that chart, I wouldn't be here.
Can you believe it? I mean, if it wasn't there, that wouldn't have helped me in Butler, but that helped me. When I turned, I -- "Just look at my chart." What the hell was that? No, we wouldn't be here without that chart. Even if the chart were lousy, I'd love that chart, but it's great. That was the lowest point in the history of our country for illegal immigration.
And I can tell you, drugs were there and lots of other things, human trafficking in women, in women. You know, the human trafficking is largely in women. How about this? Their open border policy, it's not even believable, 325,000 children are missing, dead, or sex slaves or slaves. Three -- [Audience boos] Think of that.
If that were a Republican or if that were me, especially, if that took place during my administration, they'd be talking about bringing back the electric chair. They really would. See those people? They'd be -- they don't -- they don't write about it. Three hundred -- think of that. That's like take your biggest stadium and fill it up many times.
That's what you're talking about. [Audience member calls out "Worse"] Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing or in a form of slavery. They're gone. Probably will never be seen by their parents again. [Audience member calls out "That's evil."] That's what they're giving us. That's -- and nobody even writes -- [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] You know, that's a carnage.
That's a -- that's a -- beyond anything people have ever heard. And they don't even -- they won't even write stories about it. They don't write stories about -- they won't write a story about Afghanistan and that horrible stupidity of Afghanistan. The way they did it, they moved the military out first.
They don't want to cover it. No, it's like, you know, we're fighting some pretty bad forces. Let me tell you. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal than any leader in American history has ever inflicted on their people. There's never been anything like this. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.
Oh, the Congo. The Congo is sending a lot of people. They're sending their people in jail. Think of the money they save and the danger -- the danger of it all. And they're coming into our country. They're coming in through Kamala and her open border stupidity policies. Today, I want you to hear directly from a mother whose beautiful child -- and beautiful child is gone, was killed.
Her life has been totally shattered. Please take a look.
[Audience chants "Trump"] And you have thousands of cases, all different forms of crime, many, many against very young girls, 12 years old, in that case, Jocelyn. [Audience member calls out "There's a five-year-old."] The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And it's the -- if you look at the polls, the polls that are so prevalent, I see so many polls, but almost every poll has inflation as the No.
1 problem and the economy. But I think that's the No. 1 problem for our country. We're going to get inflation, we're going to get the economy taken care of. I'm real good at that stuff. We're going to take care of it. It's going to happen fast. We're going to drill -- we're going to drill. We're going to do other things, too.
We're going to get Elon to come in and give us a little advice on cutting the hell out of your expenses. Elon. Anybody that can send a rocket ship and land it back like that is going to be very easy to cut expenses, and he wants to. And he, by the way, gave me, us, his total endorsement. You know that.
He said, "If Trump doesn't win, it's virtually the end of the country as we know it." And it is. We're on very thin ice. [Audience member calls out "Yes"] [Audience member calls out "That's right"] But when you vote on Tuesday, I want you to remember Jocelyn and Laken Riley and Rachel Morin and every American who has been stolen from us by Kamala's ridiculous open border policies.
She's not going to change that. The day they got in there, they just opened it up. They got a little bit tougher about two months ago. They forgot to, however, end the flights flying over the border with thousands and thousands -- hundreds of thousands of people, dumping them all over our Middle West.
The United States is now an occupied country. Can you imagine having to say we're an occupied country? But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] On November 5, 2024, it will be Liberation Day in America. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in American history.
It's going to be the largest deportation of criminals. We're going to get them out of here fast. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country.
And to expedite the removals of Tren de Aragua -- this is a vicious gang. But you have others. You have other very vicious gangs. MS-13. They're savages. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Can you imagine we have to go back to 1798? That's when they ran our country a little tougher, I guess, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. We don't want them. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America.
Black voters are furious with Kamala over illegal immigration. It's destroying their communities. And if this continues, there will have been no political power left for them because all of their communities will be majority migrant. That's what's happening. You're going to have majority migrant because the Democrats want to get them votes.
They want to get them enlisted to vote. And what about Gavin Newsom? [Audience boos] In California -- I was very happy to see. Did you see his poll numbers went way down today? Did you see that? Gavin Newscum. Gavin Newscum, one of the worst governors in the history of our country. [Audience member calls out "Yes, he is."]
He signed a bill making it illegal for somebody to even ask for voter ID. In other words, if you're with the state -- [Audience boos] if you're with the state and you want to check somebody, you're not allowed to vote -- you're not allowed to say, "Excuse me, ma'am. May I please see your voter ID?" They want to put you in jail if you want to do that.
They want to treat you rather harshly. So, he's taken it a step further. Why would they not want voter ID? You know why? There's only one reason. Because they want to cheat. There's only one reason. [Audience member calls out "Cheater"] We got to straighten that whole thing out. We will -- we will -- I will keep American communities for American citizens.
We're going to have American people in our communities. No, we're not going to let this -- you know that these gangs have weapons that are above military grade and that even the police -- I mean, it's, like, very tough, very tough. In Colorado, Aurora, you have the same gang. The Venezuelan gang has taken over apartment complexes.
In other words, they're like me, they're in the real estate business, but they do it with guns and they do it with violence, tremendous violence. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from crooked Joe Biden, which is, in itself, disqualifying.
[Audience boos] If you want to end this disaster, you must, on Tuesday, get out and vote. You got to vote. Thank you for everybody that has voted. We appreciate it. So, we're pleased to be joined by some great people from your state, largely. A man who has become an incredible senator, highly respected in Washington, DC by other senators and everyone else.
He's doing a great job. Senator Ted Budd. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, Ted. A current congressman who really is something special. I was with him right at the beginning. And now, he's running for, as I understand it, attorney general of your state, and he's going to be fantastic. He has my complete and total endorsement.
Dan Bishop. Dan, thank you. Thank you, Dan. Thank you, Dan. Congressman Richard "The Warrior" Hudson. I call him The Warrior because he is. He's a warrior. Great. And two people that are terrific. We backed them in the primary and we backed them now and they're going to win their races: Congressional candidates Addison McDowell and Mark Harris.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Good guys. Two good guys. They're going to be great. You heard him speak, RNC Chairman Michael Whatley. He did such a good job here that I said, "Just run the whole country." I took him out. He was the GOP chair -- you know that -- in here, and in North Carolina, and we won it.
There was no shenanigans. He had 602 lawyers. And I said, "That's the guy I want." And now, he's got -- he's got -- now, he's got a lot of North Carolinians who he has got to watch, right? But it looks like it's going very well. Thank you very much. Great job you're doing. Thank you. And a spectacular chairman of the GOP, Jason Simmons.
Jason, thank you. And the word is that Franklin Graham is here. Where is Franklin? Is he here? Franklin Graham. I'll tell you, he is so good. And whether he's here or not, I don't even care. The guy is great. He works so hard. His father, Billy Graham, the great Billy Graham is looking down and he's seeing Franklin and he is so proud of Franklin.
Thank you very much. He's great. And Pam Bondi is here, the attorney general of Florida for a long time, and she is great. Fantastic woman, a fantastic friend. A fantastic friend and woman. And to the best of my knowledge, Pam, Silk is here. Where the hell is Silk? Whoa. Look how beautiful she is. She is beautiful.
My wife told me a long time ago now, "Darling, there's two people on television. They are absolutely amazing." And I said, "Nobody is amazing." You know, I've sort of seen it all. I've seen it all. Nobody is amazing. And I went over and I looked anyway. I want to be nice. You know, I got to be nice. And I saw these two, and it was amazing.
It really was. And they've been with me through thick and thin for nine years, right? And we lost our beautiful Diamond, but we still have our magnificent Silk, right? Thank you. Thank you, honey. So, just in conclusion, here are the facts on Kamala. She's a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than crazy Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas herself.
Pocahontas, you know, Elizabeth Warren, remember? Somebody said, "You don't look like an Indian. She said, "I am an Indian. My mother told me I had high cheekbones." OK? I think it's actually racist. I think that's actually racist if you want to really get technical. She's -- she was being racist when she said that she has high cheekbones. Remember? And then I drove her crazy and everyone was calling her Pocahontas. And she actually went out for a blood test and she was so happy, 1,024th is what -- 1000th. That means I had more Indian blood in me than she had, and I have none. And she was so happy because they said, "
Thousands of years ago, it may have happened." No, she's terrible, when you do that, right? [Audience member calls out "Yup"] It's terrible when Kamala says that she worked in McDonald's and, you know, she labored -- she labored over that french fry stove. So, they went to -- so the fake news went to McDonald's, and they said, "No, she never worked here."
They don't want to report it. They -- but I -- I bring it up as much as I -- because you know why? It's so simple. She's a liar, a real liar. Top -- not a good liar, but she's a -- she's a significant liar. And when you lie about something so simple -- so she never worked there. [Audience member calls out "You worked on McDonald's. Yes"]
But I did -- I did a little bit -- This place is amazing. Just remember, it's other people saying it. It's not me. I remember when somebody -- because you're not allowed to use the word fat. If you use the word fat, it's the end of your political career. So, I was in New Hampshire, which, by the way, I'm leading, also.
It's not a swing state, New Hampshire. And a man stood up in front and I admonished him and he said, "Chris Christie is a fat pig." And I said -- and you can't use the word fat. And I said, "Sir, please sit down. Chris Christie is not a fat pig." "Yes, he is, sir." "I said he's not a fat pig." So, the press couldn't write about it because I was -- you know, there was nothing to write.
I was helping Chris Christie. And he is not a fat pig, I think. Do you agree with that, Pam? Don't say it. Kamala destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement [Audience boos] and anybody who wants to defund our great police for even one day or one week is not worthy of being the president of the United States.
She's not worthy for a lot of other reasons, too. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. [Audience member calls out "Boo"] She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. [Audience boos] All, of course, at taxpayer expense.
Nobody minds paying the bill, right? [Audience boos] But with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and we are going to save America. We're going to save America, right? We will cut your taxes and inflation, slash your wages. I'm going to -- we're going to do things that you've never seen before.
We are going to cut your prices right down to the bottom. You know what it's going to do it? Energy. Energy -- you know, energy brought it up and energy is going to -- it's going to bring it down. We have so much energy. We have so much energy. We're going to raise your wages and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America, including back to North Carolina.
And you know what we're going to bring back here? Because, you know, I used to come here a lot for your furniture. They had the best furniture in the world, I think. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] There's never -- there's never been a replacement to your furniture business. And I used to come. I was building hotels, a lot of hotels.
I had a lot of different careers when you think, but I was doing beautiful hotels. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] And I'd come here. Thank you, darling. Thank you. And I'd come to North Carolina, and I'd go around to the different -- and they were genius. I'd say, "Could you do something with the handle of that chair? Could you do something?" "Like what, sir?" Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding ding.
It's like a piece of art. "Would you like me to put your face on it? I could do that, sir." Ding, ding, ding. And in about 10 seconds, it's better looking than my damn face. No, the talent was unbelievable. Really, it was unbelievable. And they got wiped out by China and others. They just took -- I mean, you have a -- still a small fraction of what it is.
But when I do my tariffs -- because as I told you, it's the most beautiful word outside of love and religion. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] See, I had to do that. Otherwise, I'd be in trouble. I had to say that. But it's the most beautiful word in the dictionary, tariff. It will save our country.
Only stupid people don't want to use it or corrupt people. Corrupt people, also. Do you know, China, during my four years, paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes? Yeah. They were fine with it. And we'll end up having a good relationship with China. But, you know, it was very unfair, what was happening.
And -- but we're going to bring your business -- your -- your furniture business back. We can do it so easy. Some of those guys that I dealt with are older now. Maybe they don't come back, but you -- it's in the blood. Really, it's in the blood. You have the greatest artisans in the world. You know, I went to China and I started buying chairs and things and -- and a lot of problems.
Some -- and I'm serious about it. They -- they were just not made the same way. And I've -- I had -- like a guy would sit in a chair and he's a little bit overweight, like 100 pounds, and he sits in the chair and the freaking chair collapses and I end up getting my ass sued off all the time. That wouldn't happen with the North Carolina chair.
How would you like it? I built a gorgeous brand-new hotel overlooking the park. I have beautiful furniture. The guy sits down, and he breaks his ass. I mean -- no, we don't want that. We want to bring it back to North Carolina. You're the best -- best in the world. Right, Ted? You want to do that? We're going to do that.
We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never started. The war in Ukraine would have never started if I were president. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. And I will prevent World War III as only I can, I can.
You're going to end up in a World War III with these idiots that we have running our country. They're idiots. We will crush violent -- do you remember they sent Kamala to negotiate with Russia? Remember that? Three days before they invaded. [Audience member calls out "She's weak."] They wouldn't have done it with me, and they didn't.
I was there. For four years, they never did do it. No. Vladimir -- I would have said, "Vladimir, don't do it." I did say that, actually, if you want to know the truth. "Vladimir. Don't do it, Vladimir. Please don't do it. Don't do it, Vladimir." Don't forget, I'm the one that stopped his pipeline in Europe, the biggest economic development job they ever had.
I stopped it. And then this -- this moron came in, and he approved it. This moron came in, and he approved the Russian pipeline. It's called Nord Stream 2. But you know what he did? He killed the Keystone Pipeline. He got them mixed up. The Keystone Pipeline was our pipeline. Keystone XL Pipeline, it was our pipeline.
He killed it, 48,000 jobs, and a very important pipeline. So, he got it reversed. It was supposed to be let the Keystone get built. They were starting construction, 48,000 jobs. It was the reverse. He should have killed the Russian pipeline or let it be killed because I already killed it. But the Keystone Pipeline, he should have -- he got it -- he gets everything mixed up.
He wouldn't tell -- if you asked him what's the Keystone Pipeline, he wouldn't be able to tell you. If I asked him, What does MAGA stand for, Joe?" "I don't know." "You know what it is? Joe, it's Make America Great Again." [Audience chants "USA"] But you know what they should do? I think in a -- in the favor -- in order so that we continue to say that we have a great democracy, I think she should go in and give him back the presidency.
Let him finish out the run. If they can do it once, let him do it again because I actually think he'll do just as good. So -- and you got to -- look, if I don't win this thing after all this talk, I'm in trouble. Will you please go and vote? I mean, I came here, whatever the hell time it is, who the hell knows? I'm giving you the full bore.
You wouldn't let me leave in half an hour. I could have run up here, done it, start screaming "Make America Great Again" for five or six times, and then leave to the cheers of the crowd. I would have been home sleeping right now. I hope the hell that you're going to get your asses out and vote. Did you all vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] Everybody? I figured.
I know these guys voted. But we'll crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. And by the way, people say to you, "How are you going to know who these people are, the migrants?" Let me tell you, your local police are incredible.
They know their names. They know their middle initial. They know the serial numbers. They know everything about them. They know more about them than we want to know. They'll work with us. They're dying to do it, too. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We gave so much of it away to Afghanistan.
Can you believe that? These idiots, they gave away the best tanks, the best planes. They even gave away night goggles. You know, the Afghanistans -- the Afghans are good fighters, but they don't fight at night. But now, they do. They have our night goggles, brand-new night goggles, better than what we have.
Ours are older. They have brand new. Can you imagine what they got, Pamela? Can you imagine? They got everything. It's so embarrassing. And then they had a parade down their boulevard or whatever the hell you call it. It wasn't the most beautiful boulevard, but it was a boulevard nevertheless, right? And three weeks ago, and they had these armor-plated vehicles that cost millions of dollars, armor-plated, four and five inches of armor, the best in the world.
And they showed going down the boulevard, which is basically they were taunting us and mocking us, all that equipment. Look at Uncle Sam back there. Stand up Uncle Sam. Look at him. Look at this guy. Wow. He's a good-looking Uncle Sam, man. He's got the whole package. Thank you, Uncle Sam. You look great. Wow. [Audience member calls out "Take that [Inaudible] back"]
OK. You have a deal. You have a deal. [Audience member calls out "Let's get it"]
But we'll build a missile defense shield, all made in the USA. We'll rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, making them safe and clean and beautiful again. Our Capitol is a mess. People go to the Capitol, they end up getting shot and killed. We're going to clean our Capitol. We're going to take it back from these people that run it so badly, so horribly.
With an unlimited budget. The budget is virtually unlimited, and they run it so badly. We're going to get rid of the graffiti on the beautiful marble. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] We're going to get -- they have beautiful -- the most beautiful marble columns. When -- when a dollar was a dollar, they built it, right? The most beautiful buildings you've ever seen.
We're going to clean up our Capitol and make it safe again. We'll teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men, of course, out of women's sports.
And we will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. Look at the muscles on this guy. Excuse me. Could you stand up? Look at that guy, you in the beautiful white shirt. Would you -- look at this guy. Holy mackerel. I'm looking at him.
I always want to look like that. I just didn't want to do the work. You look good. Don't let anyone stop you. You look good. Good to have you, too. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country. That's what we're going to do.
We're going to defend our borders, and we're going to protect our citizens. We got to put America first. It's time to put America first. And we're going to help other countries, but we got to put America first. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied.
We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. They're conquering our country. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream will be back. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] But for that to happen, we must defeat lyin' Kamala Harris, and we must stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
We're going to get too big to rig. In other words, get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. Yup, they're there and they're here. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. [Audience chants "Trump"] It belongs to all of you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And three days from now -- can you believe it, three days? We've been waiting for four years for this. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
And if I didn't do so great -- I mean, we did much better in the second election than the first. If I didn't do it, I wouldn't have done this. I wouldn't have done this and could have been on the beach. I could have been lots of places. But I would have had no -- I would have had no interest. What we're doing -- remember, this is the greatest political movement probably in the history of the world, in all fairness.
And this is the movement that's going to bring our country back, and we can do it, and we can do it almost easily. It's going to be a little rough in places. They've taken us to levels that we never thought we'd have to worry about with all these people and, you know, murderers and drug lords and terrorists and all the -- we didn't have these problems.
We didn't have these problems. Now, we do. It's a big problem. But we're going to solve those problems, and we're going to solve them fast, and we're going to get back on track. And once we are, we're going to move like you've never seen before. Three days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. That's what I believe they're going to be. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never ever back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight. Together, we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
God bless you. God bless you, North Carolina. Get out and vote. Thank you, everybody. We'll be back. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody.
Thank you very much, everybody, and a very big hello, Las Vegas. We love you, Las Vegas. And hello to Nevada. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. It's great. It's great. And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now [Audience responds "No"] than you were four years ago? I don't think so.
What do you think? No way. No, you were much better off four years ago, five years ago, six years ago, and seven years ago, and eight years ago. This is terrible, what's happening to our country. This is terrible. [Audience member calls out "I love you, Trump."] We have people that are grossly incompetent.
We have the worst president in the history of the United States. We have the worst vice president in the history of the United States. [Audience boos] And unlike us here tonight, we have an intelligent group of people. You have a man that doesn't need teleprompters. Isn't that nice? But in Georgia, tonight, they say that Kamala has just absolutely bombed.
She's bombed. It's the big story. In fact, I -- I was going to watch it. I didn't want to come out. I wanted to watch that first. Isn't that terrible? Then I could explain to you what happened. But I hear it was bad tonight. But it's always bad. It's always bad. But I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans.
And with your vote in this election, we will end inflation. We, all of us together, we will stop the invasion, and we will bring back the American dream. Something you haven't heard about for about four years. Think about it. Four years ago, we had no inflation. We were energy-independent. We were strong as hell.
Nobody was playing games with us. Nobody was threatening us. The Middle East wasn't fighting. Russia wasn't going into Ukraine. They never would have gone. What a shame. What a mess we are in the world. The whole world is in a mess. And nuclear war with incompetent people looms. Don't kid yourself. We've never been so close.
Our country is being crippled and destroyed by Kamala Harris and Biden. But he's, like, not even the president. What's going on with this guy? You know, we're supposed to be talking about the president. We're talking about the vice president who got no votes. Whether you like him or not -- I'm not a big fan, as you probably know.
But, you know, we had a debate. He didn't do particularly well. I wouldn't say it was the greatest. It was not Winston Churchill. Do we agree? The late great Winston Churchill, who was a great debater, this was not. But he didn't do well. But he went down, and they should have let him. I mean, he got 14 million votes.
She got no votes. And now, she's imploding worse than him. She's actually imploding if you take a look because look, I'm not supposed to say it, but we are leading by so much. [Applause] [Audience chants "Trump"] No, we're leading by a lot in Nevada. We're leading by a lot in Arizona, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, even states that are typically never in play for 50, 60, 70 years.
There seem -- I'm getting a call, "Sir, New Hampshire is in play." I said, "Oh, that's nice. Let's make a trip. Let's make a trip." But the fact is that states -- other states -- two big states are all in play, and they like us. But you know what? They think she is grossly incompetent. Let's face it.
She's not doing well. We can't have -- we can't have her as president. We can't have her. We've had that for four years. We're not going to go another four years. [Audience boos] She broke it, and I promise you, I will fix it, and we'll fix it fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence, failure, and disaster or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We can do that. It's not too late. It's not too late. A couple of years like this, it will be too late. You'll never put it together again.
After all the catastrophes that she has caused, Kamala Harris can't say one thing that she'd do differently. Did you see that the other night? Would you name one thing? How about 20? Would you name -- like 25, 30. But I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again. You're going to be excited.
Because this will be America's new golden age. It's going to be the golden age of America. You watch. You watch. And we're off to a little bit of a bad start because we're starting around the minus 30-yard line. But we'll catch up fast. We'll clean up our country. We'll get the criminals the hell out of here that are pouring in, right? Every problem facing us can be solved, but now, the fate of our nation is in your hands because we can't go any longer.
We're taking it right up to the edge. Nevada, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's the worst vice president. She's grossly incompetent. Kamala, Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. Fired. Fired. Get out. Get the hell out of here.
We got to fix our country. We got to fix up our country. It's -- it's a nation in decline. Kamala, get the hell out of here. The polls are open for early voting in Nevada every day from now to November 1st. So, get your husband. "Hank. Get the hell out of the couch, Hank. Get up. Get that big fat ass of yours. We're going to -- we're going to go and vote for the president. We're going to turn our country around, Hank. Come on. Let's go, Hank."
Right? So, get out. Vote Republican up and down the ballot. We're going to do a real job. With your help, 12 days from now -- 12 days. We've been waiting for four years. No, think of it. We did great in 2016. I hate to tell you, we did much better, like millions and millions of votes better. But you know what? Now, what we do is going to be bigger.
This will be the biggest political event in the history of our country if we win. With your help, 12 days from now, we are going to win Nevada, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again, right? [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. What a spirit. What a spirit. [Audience member calls out "Thank you, President Trump."
] It's like a pent-up, isn't it? It's like pent-up spirit. It's crazy. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] It's like a -- it's like a boiler waiting to explode. You've been -- you've been waiting for this so long. Get out and vote. Just -- we can't take any chances. Got to get out and vote. That's why they say, "Don't say how well we're doing, sir. Please, please. We've got to get every --"
If you say how well, they'll say, "Oh, we don't have to vote the president." And then they throw a couple of more votes in there, right? No, we can't let that happen. No, you have to get out and vote. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, kill thousands of people, too, by the way, and destroy your family finances probably forever. [Audience boos]
Kamala's inflation has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. They all talk -- everybody I speak to, they talk about groceries. You know, such a basic term, groceries [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] the groceries. They mean every single item of grocery because your foods have gone up 50, 60, 70 percent.
Much more than the fake news tells you. Look at the whole -- [Audience boos] Oh, that's a lot of fake news. Man, that is a lot of fake news. I don't believe it. Wow. [Audience boos] You know, they sort of have a death wish because they don't want to follow me, but they have to because those ratings. Ultimately, it's ratings first for them; country, about fifth.
I'd say country is about fifth or sixth, right? The great Vivek. Stand up, Vivek. We have Marco Rubio. We have everybody. Marco. We have Marco. We went to a Latino restaurant. They saw Marco, they went crazy. And now, she wants to raise taxes on the typical Las Vegas family by an average of $5,000 a year.
The only one I've ever known campaigning and raising taxes. [Audience boos] Take a look at the video, please.
And that's just the beginning with her. Think of it. She wants to tax -- think of what this means. She wants to tax unrealized gains. In other words, you don't know if you have a gain or not. Like Danica over here, she makes a fortune. She makes so much money. I wonder if she would mind paying unrealized because someday you may have a gain, let's tax it.
I don't know. [Audience member calls out "Boo"] Danica Patrick, great. I've been a fan of yours so long. So talented and so beautiful. But I'm not allowed to say that as a politician, so I will withdraw that statement. You know, today, if you say somebody is beautiful, it's the end of your political career.
I don't think so. Thank you very much, Danica. [Audience member calls out "Reduce tax"] But this is the only woman or man -- this is the only person I've ever seen that's campaigning on tax hikes. She's going to raise your taxes maybe 70 percent, maybe 80 percent. All my life, I grew up in this stuff and I'd watch the politicians and, you know, "We will cut your taxes."
I say it because it's true. I'm going to cut your taxes. I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country and the biggest regulation cuts in the history, and we're going to cut them further. That's more like a good politician, but it's also somebody that knows how it has to work. We need that.
The people don't have the money. We're going to get your interest rates down, too, by the way. Kamala also launched a war on tip workers and service workers here in Nevada, increasing the so-called tip -- you know, she -- she once -- when I said no tax on tips, remember? A month later, she comes out, "And we will have no tax on tips."
She never said that, and she's never said it again. You're not going to get it. We're going to have no tax on tips. She wanted to increase and did increase the so-called tip allocation tax rate by 60 percent. She raised your tax, and then she's supposed to say no, no tax on tips. In other words, even after Kamala wrecked your economy with inflation, she came after you with tip income, like -- sort of like a vulture would do.
If she gets four more years, Kamala Harris will pick your pockets bare. By contrast, I will massively cut taxes for workers. And in particular, we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. All three are very good for this room. Which is the most -- let's do a poll, free poll.
I won't have to pay 700,000. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Which do you like more? Ready? We'll go tips, overtime, social security. Which is the -- wait -- which is the -- because you guys -- I mean, you sort of have them in this state. You have them all. Tips is great, but -- but overtime is great, too.
Ready? Vote for one. You can only -- let's assume you can only have one, which you can't. You're going to get all three. What do you like best? Free poll for Trump. No tax on tips. [Audience responds affirmatively] No tax on overtime. [Audience responds affirmatively] Oh. Whoa. What is that? OK. No tax on Social Security benefits for the seniors. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Oh. Oh. That's amazing. See, the seniors always win. They always win. Under the Trump administration, we're going to build an economy that lifts up all Americans, including African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and also members of our great Asian American and Pacific Islander community, many of whom are here today, especially so many amazing Nevada Filipinos, right? I have to be honest.
So, what happened, I came in, and I saw so many people. I said, "Where the hell --" They had the most beautiful -- oh, they had the most beautiful clothing, such bright colors. I said, "Where the hell do all these people come from?" And when they told me, that's why I put that little paragraph in there.
I said, "We're going to --" It's great. You are the greatest people, hardworking people, and we're going to take care of you. We're going to take care of you. You're going to take care of us. Oh, you're great. No, what -- what spirit, what great spirit. It's an honor to have you here. Thank you very much.
I appreciate it. Beautiful clothing, the colors. I want to wear colors like that. How would it be if I walked into the Oval Office with some of those colors I saw tonight? I don't know. Maybe -- I don't think -- for me, I don't think it works. But we're pleased to be joined by an incredible leader from the Asian American Pacific community, a lieutenant colonel in the US Army Reserve and a former congresswoman and Democratic presidential candidate, and you just heard her, and she is great and she was -- she is so popular.
You know, I always say, she's a woman of common sense. I've watched her for a long time. Of course, not that long because she's quite young. But I've watched her for a long time, and I've always loved her since. She doesn't want to go to war with countries that nobody ever heard of that don't want war.
Tulsi Gabbard. She's great. Thank you. Great job, Tulsi. Great job, Tulsi. Thank you. She's terrific. And we have -- don't forget, Bobby Kennedy is going to straighten out our health. He's going to straighten out our health and all of that stuff. And I don't know if I'm going to have him working too much on the environment.
I'm a little concerned about that with Bobby. I don't know if I want him playing around with our -- with our liquid gold under our feet. You know, I got to say, "Bobby, work on health." He's great because, you know, I like the liquid gold, I think, more than he is. Oil and gas, I think I like that a little bit more than Bobby.
But he'll have an impact. No, he's so popular. We introduced him last night. The place went crazy. It went crazy with Tulsi, too. And Tucker Carlson was here last night. He was very popular, really popular. We had a great -- we had a great time last night, but we had about 20,000. Today, we have 29,000 people, and we have 29,000 outside.
You can fill the place up twice. We broke the record in this place. It's a nice place, by the way. Quite nice. But we have a bigger number of people outside. If anybody would like to give up your seat, please raise your hand. [Audience responds "No"] We have a big number of people outside. It's a great honor.
You know what, this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country, probably in the history of the world. It's called MAGA. It's called Make America Great Again. It's very simple. When sleepy Joe Biden -- remember, a year ago, he was with the pink wall, and it looked like the devil, and he was saying, "We will stop MAGA. We will stop --"
He didn't know what the hell it was about. "We will stop MAGA." And we sent him a note, "MAGA means Make America Great Again." So, we will stop making America great again. It's crazy. These people are crazy. To further defeat inflation and bring back our economy, I will terminate -- Kamala is insane -- electric vehicle mandate, and we will immediately end one of the greatest scams in the history of our country, designed by a person that never even studied anything about the environment, AOC plus three.
You know AOC? "Did you ever take a course on the environment?" "No. No, I didn't." But she said the planet will be dead within 12 years. We've got to be careful. We got to be careful. You know why we got to be careful? Because -- with the environment, don't worry, it's going to be just fine. If we don't have smart people in the White House, it will be dead for another reason, nuclear weapons, and we can't let that happen.
We can't let that happen because I know the power -- I rebuilt our entire military. I know the power of the nuclear, and we're not going to let that happen. We're not going to let stupid people negotiate for us. And the mandate, the electric -- and by the way, electric cars are great. Elon Musk endorsed us.
He endorsed us, gave us the great -- you know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning because he thinks this is the most important election in the history of our country. And he's great. And they are great. They're great but for a certain group of people. But we want to have gasoline-propelled cars.
We want to have hybrids, which are good. Hybrids are good, combination of both. We want to have everything. We -- hydrogen, I don't know about it. I think Danica would know about hydrogen. Hydrogen cars, Danica, they say they're really good, except there's one problem. When there's a mishap, when it explodes a little bit, they cannot even recognize you.
So, we never want to do that. That's too much. Hydrogen cars, I think we'll -- we'll take a pass on hydrogen. "Sir, your wife was in a little accident." "Oh, what kind of a car?" "Hydrogen." "Where is she?" "We don't know. She's gone. She's gone, sir. She's gone." "Oh, my wife. I want to see my wife again."
Hydrogen, no, I think we'll pass. They said they've gotten it much better. No, that's not good enough. But we will quickly become energy-independent again. We were energy-independent four years ago. And we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill, right? We're going to drill. And I'm going to cut your energy bill in half within -- think of this, within 12 months, 50 percent, you're going to have it down.
And the reason we can do it is we got that liquid gold. We don't know what to do with it. We have so much. We don't use it. And you know what, when that comes down -- because that's what led it up, that and their stupid spending. But the energy is what led it up. They're paying a fortune for energy. We have it under the ground.
We're going to use our energy. Your energy bills from January 20th, when we take office, will be down 50 percent within 12 months, and everything else will follow. To make housing more affordable, we will open up portions of federal land, which is what you've wanted here so badly, and your governor is doing a good job, by the way.
We thank him very much, Joe Lombardo, doing a very good job. For large-scale housing construction in those zones, we'll have ultra-low taxes and low regulations to help bring back jobs and factories from foreign lands. We have our jobs going to foreign lands. But I killed the big auto plant in Mexico, right? You know that.
They're going to build -- they were building the biggest auto plant in the world. You know what happened? I said, "If you build it, you're going to pay a 200 percent tariff," meaning you're not going to be able to sell any cars into the United States. And by doing that, I saved Michigan, I helped South Carolina a lot, but I saved Detroit because they've been decimated so badly over the years.
Over the decades, they've been devastated. We're going to bring the auto industry back into our country through smart taxation and tariffs and incentives, and we're going to have every car company that wants to sell cars in this country, they're going to be making them in our country. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And remember the interest rate deduction.
You buy a car, the interest rate deduction that I am going to get you is only going to pertain if the car is made in America. If it's made someplace else, forget it. It's got to be made in America. I mean, how smart is that? How simple is that? I probably just tripled their production in Detroit. And by the way, we're leading in Michigan by a lot.
We're leading in Wisconsin by a lot. We're leading in Pennsylvania by a lot. But I'm not supposed to say that. Just forget it. Pretend it's close. Everybody has to -- no, they're afraid that if you hear that, they're not going to vote. I said, "Well, it's a double-edged sword," you know. If we're leading by a lot, they won't think about cheating as much as if we're just leading by a little bit because we got to stop -- we got to make these elections honorable and honest, and we're going to do it.
We're going to do it. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market anywhere on the planet, but only if they make their products here in America and hire American workers. Otherwise, they pay just like everybody else.
And I say the most beautiful word in the entire dictionary of words is the word tariff. I love tariff. I can make anybody do anything through the use of tariffs. I can keep people out of war. I can keep us out of war. The word tariff is the most beautiful. I think I'll do this just so I don't get myself in trouble.
I'm going to say the third most beautiful. Love and religion and then the word tariff, then the word tariff. I better do that, right, Vivek? I think I better say love is the most and religion, they're the No. 1, 2. You can switch them back and forth any way you want. This way, I've just protected myself.
But the third most beautiful word is the word tariff. You know, it really did. Tariffs needed a press agent because all these crooked politicians, they didn't like it. You know, they were all taken care of by foreign countries. They don't like tariffs. But we're doing the tariffs, and we're going to -- you know, I charged China -- China was charged by me hundreds of billions of dollars over the last few years that we were in the administration.
In fact, Biden hasn't been able to get rid of them because they make so much damn money. They can't justify getting rid of it. He'd love to because they paid him a lot of money, China. They've given him a lot of money. He'd love to be able to reciprocate, right? But no, we have -- we took in hundreds of billions of dollars in China tariffs and other tariffs, too.
And you can make -- we stayed out of wars. I -- I've been -- as an example, two countries fighting each other for, like, a thousand years. They're always fighting back. And you probably know, I don't want to get involved, but, you know, the countries, back and forth. And I got tired of it. I called them both.
I said, "Here's the story. You guys have been fighting each other for thousands of years. Stop already." Are you ready to hear? "Two hundred percent tariffs I'm going to put on each of your countries if you -- if you fight. And if you don't fight, you don't have the tariffs. But if you fight --" Now, these are people that kill a lot of people.
They kill each other for years and years and decades and centuries. I said, "If you keep this up, I'm charging you 200 percent tariffs to do business in the United States, and I want to know immediately. Call me tomorrow." They call me up, "Sir, we have decided not to go into war." I saved a lot of lives just -- [Applause] And, you know, it had nothing to do with me, but I'd rather see people not get killed, OK? And you know what, sadly, zero chance that Putin would have gone into Ukraine if I were president, zero chance.
What a shame that is, all of the death, and it's far greater than you hear about. When they knocked down those buildings that are three blocks long and 20 stories high and they say one person was slightly injured, no. The death in that whole thing is just -- just crazy. And I'm going to work on that from the day -- hopefully, the day that we win, which is November 5th.
In the evening -- on the evening of November 5th, I will call Putin, I will call Zelenskyy. I'll say, "We got to stop it." I'm going to try and get it done as president-elect, as president-elect. That'll give me plenty of -- that'll give me plenty of credibility. I don't have to wait till January 20th.
I'm going to try and get it done sooner than that. It's horrible, the people that are being killed. And October 7th would have never happened with Israel. All those people would never have been killed. Iran was broke. They would not have been able to do it. They weren't giving money to Hezbollah. They weren't giving money to Hamas.
They didn't have money. They didn't have money. And I was looking to help them. You know, we did a thing called the Abraham Accords and was -- anybody else would have been given the Nobel Prize. Me? They gave Obama the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know why the hell he got it, right? Remember? [Audience boos] He still doesn't.
He got elected, and they announced he's getting the Nobel Prize. I got elected in a much bigger, better, crazier election, but they gave him the Nobel Prize. "Ladies and gentlemen, the Nobel Prize will be won by Barack Hussein Obama." [Audience boos] Right? Barack Hussein Obama got the Nobel Prize. He didn't even know what -- he actually asked, "Why did I get it? Does anybody know?" Right at the beginning, the early seconds of his administration, and he didn't do a good job either.
He brought a lot of division and a lot of hatred. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished and now protected companies. We're going to protect these companies.
They are going to come in by the thousands, and then we're going to protect them. Nobody's going to steal their product, their people, or their company. We're going to protect them through the intelligent use of tariffs. And as you probably heard, this big plant that everyone's talking about that's being built by China in Mexico right along the border, I said, "If they build that plant and if I win, I'm going to put a 200 percent tariff on every car and they're not going to be able to sell a car."
And you know what happened? They announced last week they're not building the plant because of Trump. I saved Michigan. I saved Detroit. They're not those -- the biggest plant in the world -- the biggest auto plant in the world, and they announced they're not going to build now. They say, "That guy is crazy."
And we will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country -- it's not just China -- charges us a 100 or 200 percent tax or tariff, then we will charge them an identical 100 or -- or 200 percent tax or tariff. Here's the story. They charge us, we charge them. You know what's going to happen? They're not going to charge us.
Very simple. It's called an eye for an eye. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth.
And we're rapidly losing that title. Under Kamala's economy, millions of Americans are suffering because of inflation, and those seniors that are going to get that beautiful -- that beautiful gift, the one of three, on Social Security, they've been hurt so badly because most seniors -- well, I'm a senior.
Can you believe it? I'm a senior. I don't feel like it. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] They'll say, "He has a conflict of interest by proposing that." Oh, they'll say anything. I have a conflict of interest. I'm a senior and I'm proposing -- I'm proposing some great benefit for the seniors.
He's giving it to -- watch. They'll come up with something, those people. But the seniors have been hurt so bad by inflation that they're entitled -- they are entitled to what we're getting them in terms of a tax reduction and in terms of getting them some extra because they were devastated. You know, if you look at inflation, I think it's up 60, 70.
They like to say it's 22, 23. It's not. They don't include the bad ones. But it's way up, and they're in a fixed income. They're entitled to what we're going to get them on Social Security. They really are. But I'm still amazed that they won. I've never done that with -- that they won my little poll, that little poll.
Those seniors never lose. They just know how to win. But we're losing our jobs, and they can't afford housing or groceries or a car. And yet, Kamala is importing millions and millions of illegals across our borders, letting them come in. Open borders. [Audience boos] They come in, we have no idea who they are, where they come from.
They come from parts unknown. They come from parts unknown, giving them taxpayer benefits at your expense. They say, "Come to America, we'll give you health care." Try going into a hospital now. [Audience boos] Try going into a hospital. Go to Springfield, Ohio. Try getting into the hospital. They have this beautiful community of 52,000 people, and they just sent 30,000 people into Springfield, Ohio that don't speak English. [Audience boos]
You used to be sick, you'd go into a hospital. Now, you're sick, and they say, "We can't take you." Every hospital is packed. Every school is packed. The schools are packed with students that don't even speak English. You know what they're looking for now? Interpreters, hundreds of interpreters. Can you believe it? Because the mayor is a very nice man and he wants to help.
And instead of saying, "I'm sorry. You cannot be here. You have to go back where you came from. You have to." He said, "We want to get interpreters." He's trying to be nice. That's not the way to be. And then you look at Aurora in -- take a look at Aurora in Colorado, where people have better guns, more advanced than most militaries.
They call it supreme guns. They're supreme. They're the supreme version. They come out of Venezuela and other countries, and they take over real estate by gunpoint. In other words, like me, they're in the real estate business. Isn't that nice? But they don't borrow money to do it. They don't put up their own money.
They just walk in and start collecting the rents. It's out of control. The governor is petrified. He's petrified. He's a radical left Democrat. And I'll tell you, Colorado -- Colorado is so angry because even Democrats leading -- think of that, though. I'm leading every single -- everybody, Democrat, Republican, and that guy tried to take me off the ballot.
We're going to win the state of Colorado. We got to win Colorado, just to send a message. So, Colorado, if you're watching, let's send a message back home. They cannot play with our Constitution. You're witnessing the economic oppression of Americans to reward and enrich illegal aliens. But all that stops two weeks from now.
Think of it, two weeks. Less than two weeks. For four straight years, Kamala Harris has imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails, insane asylums and mental institutions all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa, and she has resettled them into a community near you.
Isn't that lovely? [Audience responds "No"] And really did it, and they will prey. They will prey on innocent Americans that have no idea what we're getting into. When we win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And one of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has allowed to come into our country through her stupid and ridiculous open borders policy is the savage Venezuelan prison gang.
Isn't that nice? A bunch of guys got together in prison. It's named Tren de Aragua, and it's taking over all sorts of real estate and apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terrorist spree all over America, including Times Square in New York. Take a look. [Audience member calls out "Three Supreme Court justices, thank you."]
And, you know, Border Patrol, last week, they endorsed me. They gave me a full, complete, and unanimous endorsement. And they have every year since I've been involved in politics, every single year. But they're incredible people. But it wasn't the endorsement. It was what they said about her. They said she's the absolute worst thing that could happen to our country.
And it's hard for them to say that. It's hard for them to say that, but they meant it. The United States is now an occupied country. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America. We're going to get them out. We're going to get them out. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 -- and this comes right from Border Patrol.
And they never did this before. They never gave out these numbers, but they did now because they see it as so serious. Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine illegal alien convicted murderers. These are people in penitentiaries and jails. Prisons all over the world are now on the loose in the United States of America. [Audience boos]
This summer, an illegal alien from El Salvador was arrested in West Virginia after going on a violent rampage in which he brutally beat a couple with a baseball bat so hard that the police said they've never seen anything like it, repeatedly, over and over again. Then stabbed a man, and then murdered a West Virginia mother of two, and lit the body on fire in a field.
Kamala Harris released him into custody even though he was convicted of murder [Audience member calls out "Boo"] and a convicted sex offender. And [Audience member calls out "Send them back"] this is a violent person who hit again numerous times. And under her theory, it's just fine. He can do whatever he wants.
No, we can't do this anymore. Would anybody -- I just happened to have it, and this is -- has anybody heard "The Snake" before? [Audience responds affirmatively] Would you like to hear "The Snake" again? [Audience responds affirmatively] Are you sure? Because it's a nice evening. We have -- is there any place better than being at a Trump rally? [Audience responds "No"] The biggest rally, the greatest movement.
All right. We'll do "The Snake"? Yes? [Audience responds affirmatively] So, this is a little play on words, not her kind of words, the word salad. I don't -- I don't like the term, but it's sort of true. It's terrible, what she's -- what -- I don't know what's going on in her mind. She's really -- this is "The Snake", and this is really about illegal immigration and people that come into our countries that are murderers, killers, drug dealers, gang members, prisoners of the worst sort from all over the world.
On her way to work one morning down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. "Poor thing," she cried, "I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you." "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"
sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night. And soon as she arrived, she found the pretty snake she'd taken had been survived. "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"
cried the vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom. "You're so beautiful," she cried, "but if I hadn't brought you in by now, you truly would have died." She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight, but instead of saying, "Thank you, ma'am," the snake gave her a vicious bite. "Take me in, oh, tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh, tender woman,"
sighed the vicious snake. "I saved you," cried the woman, "and you've bitten me. But why? You know your bite is poisonous. And now, I'm going to die." "Shut up, silly woman," said the reptile with a grin, "You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in." And that's what we're doing. That was pretty good.
That ended up perfectly. I could have done that a hundred times and that wouldn't have happened. You know, that really is just what's happening now. We're letting people in from prisons, and we're letting them in from mental institutions. It's the snake. It's going to bite us like nobody's ever been bitten before.
You know, in 2019 -- I don't even believe these in 2018. But in 2019, Border Patrol put down zero during my term, four years. 2019, zero terrorists were allowed into our country. We had it down: the drugs, the whole thing, human trafficking, mostly in women. You know, the human trafficking is mostly in women, but, you know, we're missing -- think of this, 325,000 children are missing.
They're gone. Never to be seen probably again. They're either sex slaves, slaves, or they're dead. Their parents will never see them again. They're missing. They come through the southern border. Think if I did that, think if a Republican did that, what it would be. And the fake news back there never talks about it.
They won't talk about it. [Audience boos] But they have down -- they have down that, in 2019, zero terrorists were allowed into our country. Now, I think they're probably wrong, but -- because there must be some. And then the next year, they have down as 11, and we captured all 11 and took them the hell out of here.
But think of this. Now, we have thousands of terrorists coming into our country, unvetted and unchecked. We can't do this. We can't do this. So, "The Snake" is a very interesting old song that was played that I played around with, made it a little bit more apropos. But it's really true, "The snake". It's take me in, oh, vicious woman.
And it's really -- it's really something. So, she -- actually, she dies. We're going to die. We're going to have a lot of death because these people are just getting used to their surroundings. You know, they're getting used to it. This just started. When I say just started, it started three years ago, at a level that nobody's ever seen before.
We have to have a safe country. We can't have a safe country when half of the worst terrorists in the world are let free into our country. And we're going to do something about it, and we're going to deport all of them, get them the hell out of here. Nothing good can happen. Nothing good is going to happen.
And anybody that can be so stupid as to think that that's a good thing and there's only three reasons it can be: they're stupid, which they're not, because anybody that can cheat an elections that well, they're not stupid; they hate our country; or they're trying to get those people to sign up and vote.
And all three of them are not good. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put -- and that's true. Think of the words towns that have been invaded and conquered.
They've been conquered. They've been conquered. And a lot of -- it's not everybody is Aurora where they're talking about it. We have many towns that are in the same position and worse, but they don't want to talk about it. It's out of control. And we have a lot of towns that haven't yet been infected, but they're petrified that they will be, and they will be.
And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of the country so fast. To expedite removal of Tren de Aragua and MS-13 gang members, the worst in the world -- MS-13, you know about that. They come from South America, and they love knives, and they kill people with knives because it's more deadly than bullets.
Two young girls in Long Island walking down the street -- a lot of them in Long Island. We got rid of almost all of them. But now, they're coming back under this stupid ridiculous group of people that we have in Washington. Two beautiful 16-year-old girls are walking to school. MS-13 gang during the early morning grabbed them and sliced them up with a knife.
They didn't want to use a bullet because it's too fast. And they sliced them up, both died. And we did numbers on those guys like you wouldn't believe. Nobody else would have done it. Nobody else would have done it. You have some people that think they should be protected. These are animals that we have to deal with them accordingly or we're not going to have a country left.
I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that. Think of how far back -- think of how far back we have to go because we have weak politicians that don't deal with these problems correctly, like I did in Washington when they started ripping down our statues. They tried. They didn't get there.
But I found an old act from the early 1900s that said if you touch one of our beautiful monuments of Lincoln, Washington, any one of them, you get automatically 10 years in jail. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And -- and they were going a little wild. Do you remember? They were going a little bit wild.
They were a little out of control. They had ropes around General Jackson. They had ropes around Abraham Lincoln. When they put the rope around Lincoln, I said, "All right. Let's go. Let's go. That's a step too far." It would have been everybody. And they -- they didn't care one way or the other. They're just -- they're mostly just troublemakers.
They didn't know. They didn't even know it was Lincoln, frankly. But I -- I enacted the act and I had a little news conference. I said, "From this moment forward, anybody that so much as touches one of our beautiful Washington monuments goes to jail for 10 years with no parole, no nothing." And it was a beautiful -- it was a beautiful sight because I looked out of the White House window and I saw thousands of people from the back.
I watched all of those asses walking away from Washington, and they were gone, and we never heard from them again. It's an amazing thing. We never heard from them again. That was the end of that. But we have to be strong. So, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target the migrant criminal network -- and it is a bad one -- operating on American soil.
We will target them. We will hit them so hard. If you don't, you're not going to survive. This is an army. This is an army that they allowed into our country, an army. And if they come back into our country after being thrown out, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or law enforcement officer.
We have no choice. We have no choice because it's not sustainable by any country. It's not sustainable. I will end catch and release. I will end all migrant flights. Think of -- I had a deal with Mexico. You think this was easy? Remain in Mexico. Nobody was allowed into our country. In Tijuana, this was the fastest-growing city in the world, they had hundreds of thousands of people.
They couldn't come into our country. I said, "One person steps foot into our country without our approval --" In other words, before we check them out. "One person, we're going to put 100 and 200 percent tariffs on everything." And they said, "Sir, whatever you'd like. We would love to keep them. We would love to keep a half a million people in Tijuana."
And I will outlaw sanctuary cities immediately, and we will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals. We are running against the most radical and most incompetent, most unfit vice president in the history of our country. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] No one respects her. No one trusts her.
You know, President Xi of China, they asked me, he's a friend of mine. I -- I thought he -- you know, we were actually very close. But frankly, COVID, or as I call it the China virus, was a step too far. But we had a very good relationship. Putin, all of them. I know all of them very well. No one takes her seriously.
Somebody said, "What kind of a man is President Xi of China?" I said, "He's a fierce man." There's nobody in Hollywood that could play the role of him. He's a fierce person, and she will be just -- oh, she'll be gobbled up. They are looking so forward to this. But we're not going to let it happen because we're killing them right now.
We're beating them so badly. And we're going to keep it going, just get out and vote. Just get out and vote. Don't take any chances. Don't take any chances. Get out and vote. But we're not only running against Kamala. She's really purely a vessel. When you watch her, she's only a vessel. And he's only a vessel, too.
He was perfect for them. He didn't know where the hell he was. We're running against something far bigger than them, far more powerful than her, which is a massive, vicious, crooked radical left machine that runs today's Democrat Party. That's what we're running against. We're not running against her.
She's got nothing to say. I know -- I know every player. But this is who we're really fighting. These are the people who are doing such tremendous harm -- just harm to our country with their open borders, record-setting inflation, green new scam deals, and everything else they're doing to our country.
But we are not going to let it happen any longer. We are going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th, and we are going to, very simply, make America great again. We're going to make it great again. Kamala Harris does not have the compassion, the intelligence, or the strength the presidency needs.
I know what it needs. You meet some people. Among the worst that you're going to meet, though, are in our country. I call it the enemy from within. She can't do the job. She can't put two sentences together. She's an international joke. Every country is joking about how stupid our leadership is, from Biden to Kamala.
They're a joke all over the world. She's going to end up getting us into World War III, just like he would if he stayed any longer. And on top of it all, she says she would not do one thing differently from crooked Joe Biden, which in itself is totally disqualifying. Take a look at this.
And then, last night, I watched, and I just said, "Just cut out any part. You could cut anything you want, just put it in." Wait until you see this. Go ahead, please.
So, Nevada, if you want to end this disaster that we're going through -- it's not even believable. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Mr. President."] You know, these foreign leaders are very, very streetwise, very smart people, and they're looking at what's going on in our country. And they really don't want me, but, in a certain way, they do want me because the whole world -- like Viktor Orban said, "Put Trump back, and it'll all stop."
We had no wars. We had nothing. They couldn't play games with us. They couldn't play games. So, you must get out and vote. And you also have to fire your radical left senator, Jacky Rosen, who voted repeatedly for rampant inflation and open borders. And you have to elect a man who, by the way, has given up more to run for the United States Senate than any man in the history of the United States Senate, Sam Brown.
Sam. Where are you, Sam? [Applause] And you're doing very well, Sam. That man is a hero, and he has given up so much, and he deserves it. And she's -- she's another laughingstock back -- she just votes 100 percent with whoever she's supposed to vote with. She's no good. She's no good for you. She's no good for this -- this area of the world.
Bad senator, not respected. We have somebody that's a very respected senator. Is Senator Marco Rubio here? Where is Senator Marco Rubio? Where is he? He's around here someplace because we love him. There he is. Marco. Thank you, Marco. Good man. We have Vivek Ramaswamy. By the way, this guy has a hell of a mouthpiece.
Do you want to hear him for about two minutes? [Audience responds affirmatively] Can you keep it down to two minutes? Come on. Let's go. Get up here, Vivek. What a mouthpiece on him. Oh boy, he's like a machine gun. Come on up here, Vivek. All right. No, he's a great guy, a great future. Please.
Thank you, Vivek. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Mr. President."] Two and a half years ago, I saw him on a show. I think it was Deface the Nation. "Ladies and gentlemen, you're on Deface the Nation," deface. And he was talking, and I said, "Who the hell is that guy?" And he did damn well. He did damn well.
He ran and he was incredible. And he's got -- he's got a big future in this party, and we appreciate it, Vivek. So, I alluded a little bit to her before, but a true racing legend, somebody that I've had a lot of respect for. She is really something special. She is a very talented person. And now, she's doing incredibly since leaving racing, which probably still will always be a little bit in racing, but she's an incredible success story, Danica Patrick.
Thank you, Danica. Please. Thank you very much. Thank you, Danica. Shawne Merriman, the great football player. I look at this guy -- where is he? Where is that guy? I said, "I don't want to get into a fight with him." Thank you. Thank you very much, Shawne. He looks like he could play right now. Kash Patel.
Where's Kash? Thank you, Kash. Thank you, Kash. Nevada GOP Chair Michael McDonald. Thank you, Michael. How are we doing, Michael? Good? Yeah. We're hearing good things. National Committeewoman Sigal Chattah. Thank you, Sigal. Beautiful family, by the way. Beautiful family. Thank you. And a special guy.
He's incredible. Turning Point's Charlie Kirk and all of those people that came with him. He's special. He is a special talent, and he's out there fighting. He's out fighting for those registrations and the votes and making sure everything is honest. He's out there with a big army, and he's got all these very beautiful young people.
He likes young people, and they are powerful. People have no idea how many young people there are that are conservatives in this country. People have no idea. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] An actress and an incredible fighter. I will not mess with her. Gina Carano. Thank you, Gina. Thank you. She's great.
And a friend of mine, UFC champion, a man who you don't want to mess around with. He grew up in the streets of Miami at a young age, nine, and he was tougher than everybody else. He was tougher. And some rich guy from Miami saw this guy beating up everybody. He was nine years old. At 12, they put him into a gym, and it continued.
He beat the hell out of everyone. Danica, this is somebody you don't want to fight with. And then he became one of the best fighters in the world in the UFC with Dana White. Dana White is one of the great fighters, too, I'll tell you. Dana White. And this man has, I believe still, like three seconds, the quickest knockout in the -- and I was there for that fight.
I think it was like two and a half or three seconds. He pretended he was, like, bored. The bell is getting like -- he's like this. It's just like -- you know, I say, "What's wrong with him?" And then he was like a flash, boom, and he runs across the ring and jumped through the air, and he hit the guy in the face with his knee.
The whole thing -- he was out, and it's the fastest knockout in the history of the UFC. Jorge Masvidal. Where is he? Where is he? This guy, I'm not going to fight him. I will -- I refuse to fight him. He's too mean, and he's stone-cold mean. But to me, he's nice. To me, he's nice. He's great. Thank you very much.
And he's helped us so much with the Hispanic vote. I won Miami. Can you believe it? No Republican wins -- I won Miami because they love that guy, right? He's a great fighter, a great champion. So, here are the final facts and conclusion on Kamala Harris. She's a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.
She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]
She pledged to confiscate everybody's gun. Anybody that has a gun, you get -- your gun will be -- she made this pledge. This is where she is, by the way. People don't change. Confiscate your gun, endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention.
Think of that. [Audience boos] You're an illegal alien and you're in detention and you call for a sex change operation, and she feels you have an obligation to do it. This is not going to be the president of our country. All at taxpayer expense. And then, as you probably saw, a few days ago, we had a little -- we had a little interesting visit to McDonald's, right? That turned out to be a big deal.
I actually -- I got a call from a great guy, the head of Google. He said, "This is one of the hottest things. We have never seen anything like this." That was a big deal. That was a big deal. It was crazy. But you know why I did that? I went there just -- you never know how something's going to turn out, right? You know, you go.
I say, "Oh, I don't know. Should we be doing this? This is a little hokey. Should we --" But I did it to just highlight the fact that for years, she said, "I worked at McDonald's. I -- oh, I was over the french fry bin. I made french fries. The heat was so incredible. I had to do it." There was only one problem.
She never worked at McDonald's. It was a lie. So, I ended up going there for about 15 minutes, and it became quite -- quite -- I'll tell you what, we had 29,000 people surrounding it. We weren't sure if we were going to even be able to get out. We didn't know. That was quite the visit. But that was to highlight the fact -- so I was there, let's say, for 15 minutes.
That means I worked at McDonald's for 15 minutes more than Kamala. But you know what it shows? That she's a liar. And she's still saying, "Yeah, I sort of worked there. But now, you know, everyone's gone." We -- McDonald's tends to keep good records. We said, "Let's see your tax records." She didn't have any.
Let's see anything, give us anything that -- nobody. Then we went to the manager. He's been there a long time. No, she never worked here. She's a liar. And on top of all this, Kamala turned and wants to turn our military woke. [Audience boos] Take a look at this. Take a look at this.
Jorge, we won two world wars. Now, we're a little different. But you know what the truth is? We defeated ISIS 100 percent in record time. We have a great military. It's only those stiffs at top like Milley and Mattis and these characters that are on television. They're a bunch of stiffs. Kelly, real stiffs.
But we have great generals. We defeated ISIS in record time. They thought it was going to take five years. When I came in, we did it in a matter of weeks. So, like you fight, Jorge, just like you fight, that's the way we fight. And those guys are never going woke. You could put them in a woke cage for two years and open the door and they'll come out fighting.
They'll come out, "Our military is great." And they proved that with ISIS. They -- once they had somebody that knew what they were doing, they proved it. Nobody has a better military. I rebuilt the entire US military. Unfortunately, we gave a lot of it, but still not very much, relatively, but we gave a lot of it to Afghanistan.
What a mistake. What a bunch of dopes. Remember this. They took the military out first. No, you take the military out last. So stupid, so sad. Fifteen -- you take a look at what happened. Thirteen people died, great people. I got to know a lot of the parents and the family members. They're great people, and they are devastated and especially because it should have never happened.
We gave up billions of dollars of equipment. We left American soldiers behind, and we left Bagram, the air base, the great air base, one of the greatest in the world. And you know who occupies it now? I want it. I was keeping it. China occupies it now. One hour away from China -- forget about Afghanistan.
One hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons and we gave it up like nothing. It cost billions of dollars many years ago. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and we are going to save America. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Nevada.
We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine very quickly, I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III 100 percent. You're not going to have World War III. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a massive missile defense shield around our country, all made in the USA. A lot of it will be made in Nevada. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
And I will put a bill before Congress that anybody burning our American flag goes to jail for one year automatically. And you saw that happen three months ago in Washington when they had riots and they were burning our American flag all over the place and they were putting spray paint all over the beautiful lions as the entrance to one of our most beautiful buildings.
And you know it's limestone. Limestone is a very porous stone. I was very good at this. You'll never get that limestone -- you'll see that in a hundred years, those scars that they put on the limestone because it goes right into that, paint. There's not a damn thing you can do about it. And they weren't arrested.
Nothing happened to them. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.
That's what's going to happen. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
And the American dream is going to come back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Early voting is underway. And, everyone, get out of here and start voting. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country.
There will be great years. With your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never ever surrender.
Together, we will fight, fight, fight and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
God bless you, Nevada. God bless you. God bless you, all.
Thank you, everybody. Well -- [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Well, thank you very much, everybody. This is a great honor. We're on the two-yard line, not the five-yard line. Two days ago, we were at the five. Now, we're at the two. But we have to turn out and vote tomorrow. We're going to vote, vote, vote.
But we're right there -- we're right there. And then we're going to do something, a term you've never heard of: Make America Great Again. That's what we're going to do. [Applause] So, hello to Pennsylvania, a very special place. I went to school here, as you know. I spent a lot of time here. I have a lot of friends here, and I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
Great people. Great people. You built this country, I have to tell you. You built this country. You're going to save this country, too. You're going to save it. Because, you know, if we win Pennsylvania -- not me. If we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole ball of wax. It's over. It's over. So, I'd like to begin by asking you a very, very easy, simple question.
Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] With your vote tomorrow, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country. And I will bring back the American dream. You're going to have the American Dream back. What a shame what they've done to our country.
They have destroyed our country. But we're going to get it back and fast. We're a nation in decline, but that will not be long. Believe me. And after four years of economic suffering, we will create the greatest economic boom the world has ever seen. They're all coming back. All those companies that left us with the jobs, they're all coming back.
Think of this, though, we're just one day away. Oh, we've been waiting for this. I've been waiting for years for this, and so have you. And so have you. We've all been waiting four years. One day, you've got to show up. I don't want any money. I don't want anything. Just show up and bring your vote. And if you have somebody else that got a little lazy, bring that person, too.
Say, "Jim, you got to get off the damn couch. Come on. We got to make America great again, Jim." [Audience calls out "Come on, Jimmy"] We're just one day away from what will be the most important political event in the history of our country, but you have to get out. We have to vote. Just show up and vote.
I'd love to -- really, what we should do is swamp them -- just swamp them tomorrow. [Applause] You know, we have a massive lead. I don't even like telling you that, to be honest with you. We have a massive lead. First time ever a Republican was leading by a lot in early vote -- it didn't happen. The Republicans would always be way behind.
They believe in going on Election Day, so we're going to let you go on Election Day, right? But they waited till the end always. Democrats would always have hundreds of thousands of votes, and then you either catch them or you don't. You never know what's going to happen. But Republicans have never been in the lead.
And not like this. It's a big number. So, we have to just get out. You know, the ball is in our hand. We're at the two-yard line -- maybe the one-yard line, but it's in our hand. And we put it over that, it'll be the biggest event maybe in the history of our country. And let me tell you, it will be also something much more important than that.
It's going to save our country because our country is in trouble. But that's all you need to know. And another thing you want to know is: Kamala broke it, and I will fix it and fast. [Applause] America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure.
That's what it was, four years of gross -- nothing good happened. What good happened? They cheated on their numbers. You saw last week, they cheated on all their economic -- we're in like a depression territory. I'll give you a little advance notice. Twelve thousand jobs. When did you hear that? That's like for Walmart.
That's not for -- that's not for us. That's not for a country. It's 250-, 300-, 400-, 100- -- 12,000. We lost hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs over the last month. Think of that. It's going to be that or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We're going to make these unbelievable years.
And we're starting -- we're starting -- we're starting from a negative. You know, we're starting from like about 15 yards off the field. We're not starting at the 20. We're starting from 15 yards off the field. And speaking of football, maybe we can get the NFL to drop that ridiculous kick offs. What the hell are they doing? What is that? I watched the game the other day.
I say, "What the hell happened?" They just kicked off, and nobody moved. Oh, well, that's up to them. This will be the golden age of America. Tomorrow -- it's a beautiful term, isn't it? I was saying before -- I was just proofing and reading and studying and all that stuff. And what a beautiful term, the golden age.
We're going to be in the golden age. It won't take long, right? [Applause] So, tomorrow, you have to stand up and tell Kamala that you've had enough. You're not going to take it anymore. "You're the most incompetent vice president we've ever had, and Joe Biden was the worst president in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're fired."
[Applause] [Inaudible] This is a hell of a nice place. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. With your vote, we're going to win Pennsylvania, and we're going to defeat Kamala and those -- those radical left -- what they're doing to our country. Crazy Nancy Pelosi, what's about her? She has Visa stock -- big position.
You know, she started off with nothing. Now, she's worth $200 million. How did that happen? So, she has Visa stock, and she sells her stock the day before it was announced that Visa is under major federal investigation. I don't know. I wonder, do you think she had any insider information? I don't know.
It's disgraceful. Honestly, she's a disgrace. She -- they ought to throw her -- they ought to throw her the hell out of Congress. We are going to make America great again, and it's going to be fast. We're going to do it fast, go fast track it. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people.
She's violated her oath of office. She's eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela and the Congo in Africa, stealing countless American lives. And these are rough -- these are rough customers that are coming, much rougher than almost anybody in this room other than -- the other night, I had the Penn State national champion wrestling team.
Think of this. They have a great coach. They've won exactly 11 out of the last 13 national championships. And I looked at these guys, they came up -- I brought them up. And we were at Penn State when we did a little bit of a rally. It was a little rally that we could have sold the place out about 15 times, but we brought them up.
I heard they were here, and I brought them up. And they had more muscle than I ever saw in any human being. And I looked at them and I said, "You know, fellas, you may be the only ones in this room in this country that could take the migrants in a fight. You may be the only ones." Then I said, "But they fight dirty. They use knives and guns."
And they do, and they are vicious, and they're tough. And we're going to get them the hell out. We have to. Our country -- our country is being destroyed. Our country is being destroyed. Here today, there's an incredible woman who I got to know actually over this tragedy, Patty Morin, who's heartbreaking story is a tragic warning of what will come to every city in America.
It's coming to every city. It's already there. I mean, they don't want to even talk about it, but it's coming. It's only going to get worse. And by the way, 21 million people she allowed in open borders. We have no idea who they are, and many of them are bad. [Audience boos] If she ever won -- I hate to even mention that concept.
She's incompetent. If she ever won, she would have open borders the following day after the election, and you wouldn't have 21 million people, which is a record in history. You would have 221 million people coming over the next four years. And you could forget about your country. You would have no chance.
Patty's wonderful daughter, Rachel Morin, was a 37-year-old mom of five precious, beautiful children. Rachel lived in Maryland, 1,500 miles from the border. Last year, while Rachel was out on a run -- she wanted to always stay in good shape. Right near her home, she was brutally raped and murdered by an illegal alien who was let into the United States by the ridiculous open borders policy of Kamala.
The savage who committed this heinous crime first killed another woman in El Salvador before walking across Kamala's open border. Come in. Please come in. We'd love to have you into the United States. Isn't that wonderful? He then attacked a nine-year-old girl and her mother in a home invasion in Los Angeles, beating the hell out of both of them before murdering Rachel.
Patty is really special. I got to know her. I actually -- we had lunch together, and she's a very great woman. She's like, you know -- like it's -- there's nothing you can tell somebody when that happens. You can't say, "Oh, well, time -- time." I don't know. Sometimes time is good; sometimes it makes it worse.
I've had them say it's worse now than it was 10 years ago. But Patty's a fantastic person. I'd love to call her up. She'll say a few words about her beautiful daughter. Please, Patty. [Applause] Thank you. [Audience calls out "You're the best president we've ever had"] Thank you. All right, sweetie. Be careful.
[Off-mic]
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Did you get your eyes fixed.
You're going -- you're going to get them, huh?
Thank you.
Thank you very much. It's an honor with Rachel looking down, right? She's looking down. Look at the crowd. They love your daughter.
Your girl's looking down.
Hmm?
I won't. Come on. Let me walk you out. [Audience member calls out "We'll pray for you"] [Applause] Thank you very much. Thank you, Patty. Great woman, really an incredible -- how do you do that? I don't know. She did something that is very hard to do. I -- I couldn't do it. I don't think. Very hard to do what she just did -- so beautifully, too. [Applause]
And last night, we had a woman from Puerto Rico. Carmen lost her daughter, Mimi. Same kind of thing. A migrant came in from a country -- just brutal. They're just killers. I mean, they don't care. Her daughter was also beautiful. And Rachel was beautiful. But it was a similar thing, killed and the woman got up.
Killed five days ago and the woman got up, and she just spoke. And both of them, the job is -- to do that. I don't know how you do it, but they are incredible. They're incredible people. We have incredible people in this country, I tell you. And we can't let savages come in from other countries and take them out.
We can't let these animals come in from other countries. They come in and they take them out, and then they're protected by the radical left. It's a terrible thing that's happening and it's levels -- when I was in this debate with the three -- with the three people, two and a half, I figured. The two anchors and a half a candidate.
And David Muir, when he -- I said about -- "No, crime is way up." "No, it's not. It's down." I said, "Am I debating you?" And the next day, somebody at Justice Department actually likes me. They released the numbers. It was up 45 percent. Crime was up -- way up, right, now, and you have a new crime that you can add.
It's called migrant crime, and it's as vicious as there's ever been. It's a level of viciousness -- and I put up tapes, but, you know, the problem is the fake news never puts the tapes on. A friend of mine -- a friend of mine calls me, and he says, "I watch you, all your rallies. They're the greatest rallies. But, you know, when you put those tapes up, the cameras..."
Look at all those cameras over there. They don't have one camera that goes -- and all it has to do is go an inch here, an inch here. And you have it. They don't put them on television because they don't want to see the horror show of those tapes. So, I don't even bother with them anymore because it's ridiculous.
Isn't it ridiculous? All they --and, you know, it's -- it would be actually better for the networks. Better -- I mean, you're showing things of great interest, and they're horrible to watch. They're horrible to watch. But I don't put them up anymore pretty much because they won't put them on. They won't move the camera an inch and an inch.
Isn't that terrible? You know why? Because it's fake news. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. It's not going to be occupied long. If you had the tapes, you'd see where they take over apartment complexes in Aurora, Colorado.
I hope Colorado votes. You know, Colorado, the governor is a weak, ineffective guy. He's a radical-left lunatic, and he's petrified of the people. It's a gang from Venezuela, very nasty, along with MS-13. They're probably the two worst gangs -- and vicious, vicious. He doesn't know what to do. All talk -- you know, they're all talk.
And yet, when I was the leading candidate and we were going through the country like easily, routinely, he decided that he's going to try and take me off the ballot. That doesn't sound very democratic, does it? You know, they -- they always say, "He's a threat." Me, I'm a threat to democracy. I'm the one that's saving democracy, just so you know it. [Applause]
And this weak, ineffective governor got his attorney general to push it, and they tried to take me off the ballot. It went through a whole court system and the Supreme Court of the United States. And it was very important that they did this. They voted nine to nothing, including the three justices that sometimes would maybe not vote for something like this.
I have respect for them. They voted nine to nothing. You can't do that. You just can't do that. You have to take them out with the ballots. So, that was great. But said -- and the people of Colorado at the time -- see, time flies. And now, people forget about it. But at the time, they did polls, and they were doing -- Trump was going to win Colorado, not traditionally a swing state.
But they were furious. And the Democrats were actually more angry than the Republicans. It's pretty amazing. November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. And on day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in American history. We're going to get them out. We have to. Dwight Eisenhower has the record.
He was a very moderate kind of a guy who's a good general. He's a good president, too, better than a lot of people think. He built the interstate system, did a good job, but he hated the concept of people pouring into our country. And he has the record, but we're going to unfortunately beat the record.
It's not something I want to do, but this is not sustainable by any country. They're taking over your towns, your schools, your hospitals. Springfield, Ohio, 52,000 people in the town. They dropped 30,000 migrants into the town. And now, they can't use their hospitals. They can't use their school systems.
I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. Can you imagine, I'm up here making a speech, talking about towns and cities and big cities. Look, I see New York, I see what happened. And the mayor made some nasty statements about it. You know, the mayor, Mayor Adams, he made -- he made statements about -- this is not sustainable.
We can't -- I mean, you have to help us with this. Hundreds of thousands of people are piling into New York. You have to help us. And I said to my people, "He'll be indicted shortly." They indicted him. One of the indictments is he was upgraded in an airliner. Everyone gets upgraded. Anybody who's got an upgrade, please raise your hand.
You will be indicted. No, think of this. I got -- I've been upgraded. I used to fly that way. They used to upgrade me all the time. That would mean I have a potential additional investigation because I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone. Think -- think about it. He killed people at will. If he went out to dinner with this handsome gentleman right here and he didn't like him, he said, "You're looking at me the wrong way. I don't like you."
He was -- he had no chance of making it out of the dining room. And I got investigated. Think of it. I got investigated more, and I did nothing wrong. And I have to say the Republican Party really stuck up for me. They said this is ridiculous. Unanimously. And they'll put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals -- we're going to get them.
We're going to throw them out of the country, first choice. If they're really crazy vicious -- and we have many of them. Don't forget, of the 1,399 that are murderers, many of them committed two murders. Of these people, I don't know, I'd almost rather keep them in jail because, you know, if they come back, now we're going to have something about them coming back.
It's serious. And we'll tell you about it, but we're going to either put them in jail or we're going to get them. And for the most part, we want to just get them the hell out of our country, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] Now, they're dumping -- they're emptying their jails and mental institutions.
To expedite removals of the -- the removal of Tren de Aragua and other violent gangs like MS-13, all savage gangs, tough gangs -- they're tough. They're nasty. And that's why I want to be with those Penn State guys. I feel very good. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. You know, 1798, that's when they ran the country a little tougher than we run it today.
Today, you get a little slap on the wrist when you kill somebody. You kill somebody, uh-oh -- now, if you fight for a fair and free election, then they throw the book at you, right? Then they throw the book because they don't like it because you're getting too close. And, you know, those numbers that are coming in today, nobody's ever seen numbers like this.
It's a great tribute. It's a great tribute. So, we're going to invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
You kill our citizens or you kill our law enforcement officers -- you know, we have to protect them. They're -- they're in a dangerous situation. And we have very few -- it's very hard to get them now. It's because we don't protect them. We don't stick up for them. We don't fight -- I mean, we end up taking away their pensions.
We end up taking away their house. They end up losing their families. We're going to fight for our law enforcement officers. [Applause] Being a policeman, used to be one of the most sought after jobs in the country. Today, it's not. I visited a wonderful young family in Long Island. The door opens to a car, and bullets start firing out.
He's not allowed to do anything. You can't -- you know, it's just horrible. It's very dangerous. And we're going to have it, so they're going to want to be cops again. We want to be policemen. My father always said, "Don't ever use the word cops. That's not respectful." It's a little different than it is nowadays.
Can you imagine? Because he had -- my father had respect -- my family had always great respect for policemen. I used -- I'll never forget. I said to my father, "Dad, the cops around here do a good job." "Don't ever use the word cops. They're policemen." At that time, it was mostly the policemen. Now, it's policemen and policewomen.
It's good, but -- but that's a different -- there's a whole different thing. We're going to bring it back to exactly like my father felt about them. He had total respect for them. And they did a great job. [Applause] And you couldn't even get on the force. The standards were so high. Everybody wanted to be a policeman or, as it kicked in, a policewoman.
And they're doing a great job. And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. We will secure our borders, and we will also rescue our economy because our economy is in a mess. And I've seen it for a long time. I'm very good at that stuff. That's what -- I'm very good at that stuff.
I've been talking about it for a long time. Scott Bessent, one of the smartest people on Wall Street, has been talking about it. In fact, he said the only reason the stock market's up is because everyone thinks Trump is going to become president this very week. Maybe the top guy on Wall Street. Four years of Kamala have delivered nothing but economic hell for American workers.
You know that. Her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000 in higher prices. It's the cost. People tell me all the time --I actually talk to a lot of people. It's hard to believe. If I'm in a group, I say, "Come here. What do you like the best?" "Well, my groceries are..."
They're always talking about groceries and the cost of cars, the cost of everything, the cost of anything. It's all inflation that they created. They created it so stupidly with screwing around with my energy policies. I had oil at $1 -- I thought it was 0.87. I was corrected by the government. It was $1.
84 a gallon. Think of this. And today, you're at $4 and $5 and actually going up. It's going to go up a lot. By the way, the day after the election, if something bad happens, you'll see oil at $10, $12, $15 because these crazy people are trying to force electric cars down your throat. And we like electric cars, but they're not for everybody.
And by the way, Elon Musk is incredible, what he's done -- what he's done. You know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania fighting for the election. He's campaigning, Elon. That 22-story rocket ship last week, did you see that? It's coming down. I say, "Oh, no, it's going to crash. Look at that gantry. It's coming to sharp. Stop it, stop it!"
I didn't know it was him. I figured it was him because he's so far advanced, you know? Who else could do this kind of stuff. Anyway, this thing's coming down. It's the wrong angle. And then all of a sudden, I'm -- you know, it really looked like it was -- it had the whole deal. It was going to collapse the gantry.
That's the thing that holds it up. So, it's coming down, then all of a sudden, you know, massive flames of fire and jets and everything comes pouring in from the left and pushes it over. And then it drops gently down. And then those two big arms come out like you're hugging your baby, just grabbed that thing and put it gently down.
Put it gently down on the pad, and it was a beautiful thing to see. See, now, in the old days, I would have said hugging something else. And I would have thought that was so smart to say, and then the fake news would be writing stories about it for two weeks. [Audience boos] So, we don't give them those opportunities quite as much.
But it was -- it was more fun, but we don't give them those opportunities. Just days ago, we had the -- but, you know, Elon, really, you have to be thankful. He gave for the horrible hurricane that did such a big number on numerous states -- but North Carolina got hit bad badly. I mean, they were really hit, and I was there.
I was very early there, actually, and then came back. And I met with the -- a very good person, one of the head people in North Carolina. He said, "Sir, you know Elon Musk, don't you?" "Yeah, he gave me the nicest endorsement." He said if you don't win -- if Trump doesn't win, this whole country is going to be no good.
It's going to be no good. And it won't because their policies, these radical-left policies, we'll be Venezuela on steroids. That's what's going to happen to us. And I said that years ago, if that ever happened. And we can't let these -- we got to get these people the hell out of office because they're bad.
First of all, they're incompetent, but they're bad. But he said, "Sir, could you do us a favor? He makes something called Starlink." I said, "What's Starlink?" Tell me what's Starlink. "It's a communication system because all our wires are buried under." You had to see this. Areas that never saw water are now lakes.
I mean, nobody's ever seen a hurricane -- this was a real water -- sort of a water-destructive hurricane. There's never been anything like it in terms of the amount of water put on it. Literally, areas that were almost like they never saw much rainfall or anything, they're now these giant lakes. And the destruction and the death, there are a lot of people died.
And, you know, people don't know that, but a lot of people died. There are people still missing. He said, "We have no communication. We're cut off from the mainland, and we need Starlink. And we can't get anyone on the phone because, you know, it's a very popular thing." So, he explained it what it is.
And I called Elon. I said, "Elon, you have to do me a favor. North Carolina and parts of Georgia are really in bad shape, and you have to -- they have no communication." You have to get your Starlink, whatever the hell it is, Elon, I don't know. I don't care. But you got to get some. And if you don't mind -- and so I'm talking to him, and you might have heard this story.
I told it a couple of times. I'm talking to him, and I get a note that the man from North Carolina was -- "Thank you very much, sir. The Starlink is all being taken care of." It just happened. I said, "Wait a minute." So -- so, I said, "Elon, did you approve that?" "Yeah." "How the hell did you approve it? You're talking to me on the phone."
He said, "Well, I'm able to do two things at one time." And they got so much Starlink. And I said, "How is it?" He said -- a week later, I said to the guy, "How is it?" He said it's unbelievable. You saved a lot of lives. So, Elon is a great guy, so we want to thank him. Just days ago, we had the worst jobs report in modern history.
This is the one. I always said I don't want to be Herbert Hoover. I don't want to be Herbert Hoover. And I've been talking to you about this. This is going to happen, and I think we can now say it's in the process of happening. So, normally, you see all these jobs, everything, hundreds of thousands of jobs just because of the size.
And they just announced, Mike, you'd be amazed at this. Mike. Look at our Mike. Look at him. He lost all that weight. He looks so handsome. Stand up. Mike Pompeo. Stand up, Mike. He looks so handsome. Wow! Man, I'm going to ask him how the hell did he do that? That's good. Good. That's great. But I just said, I mean, 12,000, and this is an unbelievably -- like an unthinkable number.
I've never heard of a number that low. I've never heard of it. It's been many -- it's been decades. And I heard that, and then I heard 30,000 private sector jobs were killed in a single month, and nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs have been wiped out just since the beginning of the -- 100 -- and those manufacturing jobs are gold for us.
I mean, you know, those are the people that make the product. A hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, and nearly 250,000 people dropped out of the labor force. We never -- did you ever hear a numbers like that? That's like a depression. And I've been saying the D word.
I don't like to say it, but I've been saying the D word, the depression. Then they did something even worse than that. A few months ago, they fraudulently claimed that they had 818,000 jobs created -- that they created, 818,000. That was good, but that just brought us up to normalcy, so it wasn't a big story.
You know, because now, all of a sudden, instead of being down 818, they were like normal. And when in fact, none were created. It was a fraud. And the papers refused to write about it as a fraud because they're fake. And it was a total lie. They thought they'd be able to get away with it through the election.
They didn't want to have this information come out before the election. See -- and I look up to the sky. Thank you very much because this would -- in normal times, right? This would, in normal times, be a disqualifier. Do you know she's using my term now? Do you believe it? She uses everything I do. She uses -- even "Saturday Night Live," they copied.
They copied. Think of that. Oh, she was great. They copied my routine. I did it a long time ago. They copied the same routine. [Audience Member calls out "You did it better"] I didn't -- I think I did it better, yeah, actually. I don't think -- I think anybody could have done it. I think anybody could have done it better, Dan, right? But fortunately, there was a whistleblower on the 818, and I thought it was an amazing thing.
So, it got released. And now, to add to it further, they've just revised other past reports, jobs reports down by 112,000 -- other fake jobs that were reported for almost 1 million fraudulent jobs were created. And it all got released right now in front of the election. One day, I mean -- it was three days when we heard about it, but we're talking about it now.
And normally, this would be a disqualifier. This would be -- you wouldn't be able to even run for office. Meanwhile, 100 percent of the net jobs created in the last year have gone to migrants. They haven't gone to American citizens. Did you know that? These are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading if she's elected.
You'll have a depression, not -- I don't mean like a recession. I mean a depression with a capital D. Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle. We're going to do great things. You are. We're going to make America wealthy again, and we're going to make America affordable -- we have to get the prices down.
I told the story this morning: a woman goes up to a counter in a supermarket with three apples. It was reported somewhere, and it's just like this can't happen in this country. And brings them up three apples. An elderly woman brings them up to the counter, and she realized that they're too expensive and they've gone up so much from the last couple of months.
And she takes one of the apples back to the refrigeration section and walks back. And she buys two apples instead of three. This shouldn't be happening in the United States of America. So, we're just one day away from the best jobs and biggest paychecks and the brightest economic future that the world has ever seen.
But you must vote. Kamala's plan will impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise taxes on the typical American family by at least $3,000 a year. And this is the only politician I've ever seen. You know she's a very, very low-IQ person. You know that. I don't want to have a -- I want to have a smart president.
I don't want anymore. We had four years of these guys. President Xi -- President Xi, Mike, of China is not a low-IQ person. Do you agree? He's a very severe person. He's a very fierce person, but I -- low IQ is not one of his traits. Do we agree? No. But these guys -- these leaders are at the top of their game, and we don't have that.
We have people that -- 30 years ago, Biden wasn't any good. He had the worst policy ever -- if you would have taken Biden's policy reviews over a 40-year period and reversed them, you would have gone down as a single greatest policy expert -- foreign policy expert. My plan will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors.
Kamala will crush Pennsylvania energy workers, and she's going to ban fracking. By the way, we don't even -- don't let this happen. Her whole life, she's against anything coming out of the ground. She likes the wind -- you know, the wind that kills all your birds, that doesn't work. That's the most expensive energy in the entire world.
And then after 10 years, when it rusts out, they don't look too good. So, she wants to ban fracking, and she's going to ban. That's 500,000 Pennsylvania jobs. There's no way that you can vote for that. It's your biggest industry. You've got a lot of stuff under there. It's going to come out, and it's clean and nice and good.
And you make -- and you're doing great things for the country because the country uses it. I will end Kamala's war on energy, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill. [Applause] And I will cut your energy prices. All of your energy: gasoline for the house, air conditioning, heating everything, in one year from January 20th, which would be the day we take over -- oh, it's so close.
It's so close, but still dangerous. These people -- how would you like to be Putin and you want to call the United States and you have no idea who to call? No, It's true. Let's see. "Let's call up the United States. I'd like to work something out. Who do we call?" "Sir, really, there's nobody you can speak to."
Can you -- I just thought of that the last couple of days. They want to make a deal, Mike, and they have nobody to speak to. You know, maybe they'll speak to the guy right alongside of you. You got a great Senate -- by the way, you have a great Senate candidate. I hope you're going to -- I hope you're going to go for David.
He's great. I hope you're going to go. He's working hard. You know, it's hard beating those guys that are in there for 25 years and do nothing. See, when you do nothing, you're a survivor. You can never get yourself into problems. He does nothing for you. He doesn't fight for your fracking. He wouldn't care.
He wouldn't even say to her, "No, no, we can't do that. That's going to have a terrible impact on Pennsylvania and the country." He would never say that. He's -- he's a survivor. His father was in for 25 years. He's in for whatever the hell he's in for, 25 something. And they are tough to beat, I have to tell you, because he's just a survivor.
That's the only thing he's good at. You need more than a survivor. You need this guy. This man is good, David McCormick. And he's working hard. And he's working hard. [Applause] Get him up here. Come on, David. Come on. We got to get him. David McCormick. And I tell you, I've known him for a long time.
He was a winner in school. He was a great, great soldier. He was -- he was -- everything was good. Everything was good. You have a chance to get somebody outstanding, and what you have now is not outstanding.
Thank you.
Go ahead. Say something.
Eric, you want to say something?
Guys, for us, this has been an honor of a lifetime. You guys are the best. But now, it's up to you. We can't do it by ourselves. It was always about all of us. It was about one country. It was about taking back our freedom, our rights from those who are trying to take away from us. So, tomorrow, bring your friends.
Stay in line. Let's vote, vote, vote! Let's take back our country. Thank you, Pennsylvania, and thank you, America. God bless all of you. [Applause]
I shouldn't have done that. I got to follow that now. I'm not going to follow that. So, kids, go back to work. Let's make sure everybody shows up tomorrow to vote. OK? Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Beautiful job. They're great. They're great. They're good people, and they love our country, but they really are good people.
They're kind people. They have big, big hearts. They're strong. They can be nasty, but they have big hearts, those great children of mine. So, here are some of the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crooked Bernie Sanders and Crazy Bernie Sanders -- I don't know. Do I call him Crooked? I'd say probably Crazy, maybe, for him is a better term.
And -- and Pocahontas herself. Kamala destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. And therefore, anybody who wants to defund the police even for one day -- and she was there for a long time -- is not worthy of being president of the United States. We need our police.
We want to get our police back. We want to indemnify our police when they're unfairly charged. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give up their gun? [Audience responds "No"] No -- no takers? I didn't think so. And endorsed a total ban of handgun ownership.
You know that. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. [Audience boos] All at taxpayer expense. And perhaps, worst of all, she lied. She never worked at McDonald's, OK? That's true. Never worked. No, she never worked there. I was there for 15 minutes. That's 15 minutes more than she worked.
And I have to say those French fries are really good when you get them right out of that fat or whatever -- whatever the hell they cook it with. Fat -- I don't know if it's good for you, but they are really good. In conclusion, with your vote tomorrow, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. [Applause]
We will cut your taxes and inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania, something about -- think of the history you have here. Think of the history you have, the political history. Is there any place like it? And this is a big one because think of this.
Put this -- add this with all of the other things that are, you know, for so many years, famous by Pennsylvania and what you've done and how you fit into history. We win Pennsylvania -- as I said, we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole bag of wax. We can have another one. We'll put that one on top. Let's try putting that one on top.
They're pretty big. We have to -- but this will be one of the -- this will be one of the truly big events of the -- in the history of our country. So, why don't we have Pennsylvania be there for that. That would be beautiful -- on top of all the things we did. Because remember, we gave you the largest tax cuts in history; the largest regulation cuts in history; rebuilt our military; defeated ISIS; had no new wars; gave you Right to Try, the great incredible thing that's saving thousands of lives, Right to Try.
You don't have to go to Europe or Asia or just go home and die. If you have no money, you go home and die. You have the right to try new-age medicines without having any problems, saving thousands and thousands. We gave you so much. And -- and it's an honor. It's an honor really. We will build American.
We will buy American. And we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never started if I was president. [Applause] And I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. There's another thing, Israel, October 7th. October 7th would have never happened. All of those people that were hostages, hopefully are still, because -- I hope they are of hostage.
I just hope they haven't been killed, but I think a lot of them are killed. I think a lot of them have been killed, but we can hope. But that would have never happened. That would have never ever happened because Iran was broke. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for Hezbollah. We would have had peace in the Middle East.
You would have had peace. Instead, you have all of the death that's taking place. It's terrible. And I will prevent World War III because you're just around the corner from World War III. And this will be a war like no other. This will be a nuclear war. And this will not be two army tanks going back and forth and shooting at each other.
This will be a war -- the level of power of these weapons is -- you know, I rebuilt our nuclear force. I rebuilt our whole military during the four -- we did a phenomenal job in that, but, in many ways, I hated to do it. In many ways, I hated to do it with respect to the nuclear because they're going over the power levels of various things that we're rebuilding.
And I say, "General, are you sure about that?" The power is just crazy. It's obliteration, and we have people that don't have a clue. And they're negotiating. Look, Ukraine should have never started. None of these things. How about -- how about when you look at Afghanistan? That would have never happened.
We were going to get out of there with strength and dignity, and we were going to be -- it was going to be a victory. It was enough. They were in there for 21 years or something. But the one thing I would have done is I would have kept Bagram, the big air base, one of the biggest bases in the world. We built it many years ago for billions of dollars.
The most powerful, longest runways. They can handle anything in the world. One hour away from China. Remember, that wasn't really for Afghanistan. That was -- you're one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. And you know who has it now? China. These are stupid people. They took the military out first.
They took the military -- they said, "Oh, we had a plan. We had a plan." Mike Pompeo made the plan with me. We had a plan subject to all these different things that they had to do. And they weren't doing them. They were doing some, but they said, "Hey, we're not going forward until they do the -- we were -- we were going to be fine.
But the one thing that wouldn't have happened, we would have never taken the military. You take the military out last -- and we lost 13 lives and many people obliterated, and hundreds of people were killed on both sides. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a massive defense shield all around our country, so a missile heads in our direction and we knock the hell out of it. And we can have it. And Ronald Reagan wanted to do that many years ago. And he was right, except we didn't have the technology.
Then it would have been not good, but we didn't have -- today, you can shoot a pin out of the sky. It's incredible, actually, what they've been able to do. But it's all going to be made in the USA, and a lot of it is going to be made in the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.
C. We'll get rid of all the graffiti on those beautiful marble columns, and we'll clean it and it will be properly run. And we'll stop the death and shootings and muggings and everything that will make it a great capital, a beautiful capital again. And we'll also make sure that our Supreme Court stays to nine justices. [Applause]
We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Applause] And we will, of course, keep men out of women's sports. [Applause] Every time I say those last two things --and I may add the open borders.
Can you imagine, they're trying to defend open borders? Open borders, who would do that? We're the party of common sense. OK. We're really the party of common sense. But when I say open borders, we're going to close the borders. You know, you say -- can you imagine you actually have to say that? What the hell -- I mean, who the hell wants open borders, where criminals from all over the world can just walk into our country.
These are -- these are crazy people or they hate our country or they think they're going to get these people to sign up and vote. I guess maybe that's it, but it's not defensible. But think of the last two, the transgender insanity, it's taken over. And, you know, nobody's ever come up to me and said, "I'd like to talk to you about that."
I've never had any -- they've talked about taxes. They've talked about economic development. They talk about the -- or the last one, men playing in women's sports. Nobody's ever come up. With all the people -- I deal with hundreds of people. I deal with people. I go into crowds. I ask them them because I get better opinions from you than these crazy consultants I have for a fortune.
But I've never once been said, "Sir, we have to do something about keeping men in women's sports." I've never had the question. I don't know. It's such a big subject, nobody's ever asked me the question before. Can you imagine -- can you imagine -- go back 10 years and say that a president from 10 years from now is going to be up there defending the fact that men should not play in women's sports.
People would say you're crazy. That'll never happen. Did you see the two boxers? Did you see the two boxers? They were men. They transitioned into womanhood. And they fought a very good Italian. They had -- they have women's boxing in the Olympics, and they fought a very good Italian, young lady. And boom.
She got hit with just a left jab. She went back to her corner, said, "I've never been hit like that." This is just like a defensive -- oh, they could fight Iron Mike, I'll tell you. Iron Mike would say, "This is not a good thing." I know Iron Mike, and he's a great guy. Mike Tyson, a great guy. [Applause] He's a good man.
Mike, he's -- Mike's been through a lot, but he could fight. Let me tell you, that guy could fight. But can you imagine, Mike -- oh, he says put Mike in the ring with Kamala. That would be interesting. No. But can you imagine -- and these two -- these two men that transitioned, you'll be shocked to know they both won gold medals in some of the easiest fights.
They're announcing a certain woman. She's a champion here, a champion there. She's great. She gets hit -- that's the end of the champion stuff. It's so unfair, so ridiculous. And it's very demeaning to women. It's very -- I think it's horrible. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment.
And I did. They didn't touch it. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country. We're going to defend our borders, and we're going to protect our lands and citizens. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all.
We want people to come into our country, but they're going to come in legally. That's all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We are an occupied country. Can you believe the things I'm saying up here? We are an occupied country. Take a look at Colorado. Take a look.
Take a look what's happening there. Military-style weapons. Aurora, they're taking over apartment complexes. They're in the real estate business just like me, but I have to go out and borrow money or somehow pay cash. They just walk in and they say, "You're paying the rent to me from now on, madam. And if you don't pay, it's big trouble for you."
And the governor has no idea what the hell has happened. That poor guy. He's a radical Democrat. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Can you imagine I have to say this? Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and filled with the American dream.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is just too big to rig. We got to do it. [Applause] So, you need to get out tomorrow and vote. That's it. This is it. We're going to get together again, but it's going to be different. It's not going to be a rally.
It's going to be applause for what we're doing. It's going to be better. Because these incredible rallies -- and there may have been like 900 of them, a tremendous amount. This is over nine years. Many -- I know we celebrated 507. I remember 507. It was a few years ago. I think it's got to be close. I don't know, whatever it was, but it's hundreds and hundreds, and they've been flawless, right? Every once in a while, I'd make a little aggressive statement that people didn't like, but, you know, don't forget, I'm rarely on the teleprompter.
Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't have to be on the teleprompter, right? Right, Dan? That guy --look at that guy. Stand up. That guy, he's such a good guy. You better bring him home because he's a great -- he has worked so hard in the election, Dan Meuser. He's worked so hard. And you know what, he -- think of it.
Think of it. If we lost, I'd call him up tomorrow and I'd go, "You are so..." I won't say it. Franklin Graham said, "Please don't use foul language." I said, "All right, Franklin." He said you can tell the story just as well without the foul language. Actually, he's not right about that. It's not quite -- it's not quite the same when you don't every once in a while -- not a real bad word, but, you know, like a word.
But he did say that, so I do my best. But I'd call him up with anger and fierceness. I'd say, "You failed me." As opposed to calling up and say, "Dan, you did a great job. I love you, Dan." Right? I think we're going to do the "Dan, you did a great job." And you did, regardless. You did, regardless. And all of these guys, they're -- they're all in.
They're great guys. They're warriors. For the past nine years, we've been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. That's right. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, you, you. This nation belongs to you.
It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And tomorrow -- tomorrow -- tomorrow, four years we've all waited for this. Four years of rallies, good ones and bad ones -- but we didn't have any bad ones. I don't think -- we had no bad ones. But four years, think of it -- four years and now, it's tomorrow.
Tomorrow, it's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. All of this -- all of this was to -- really, all of these hundreds and hundreds of rallies were to put us in position to do something great for our country. This is in a way the harder part, honestly, getting -- beating all these people and fighting all of these people, going through the lies and the vicious statements about you and your family and everything.
But all of that was worth it. It puts us in position to now be able to do the job, and we're going to do a great job for everybody, for 100 percent of the people. We're going to do it for Democrats, for liberals or progressives, if they prefer, which they do prefer. But we're going to do it for independents, and we're going to do it for everybody.
We're going to do it for everybody. And you're going to be so proud of your vote. I really want you to look back and your family to look back. "My dad, my mom voted for Trump. It was the best thing that they ever did." That's what we want. Otherwise, we've made a mistake. And we felt the love. We would have never done this if we didn't do so well the second time.
We did better the second time than we did the first time, if you think. After all we've been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We really -- something. With your help, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we all love so much.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. [Applause] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
We're going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around very fast. You're going to be very proud. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Great again"] Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Pennsylvania. We'll be back. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. [Applause]
Thank you very much. This is unbelievable. It's unbelievable. Think of it. This is it. This is the last one that we're going to have to do. And doing four of these in one day is a little difficult, but not really because the love in every one of them has been incredible just like this. So, it makes it a lot easier.
And I want to say a very special hello to Grand Rapids. It's been a special place. Remember 2016, we were -- we were given a 3 percent chance. You remember we came to Grand Rapids, I said, "How the hell are we going to lose?" It was just like this. And I said, "How are we going to lose? We're not going to lose."
And it was a 3 percent chance. And then, we won a little place called Florida and went to a about a 7 percent chance, and then it went to an 11 percent. And then it went to 17 percent, you remember, and went that way. And then, it went to about a 62 percent chance. And they had somebody in there going totally crazy, the woman, she became a -- she was going crazy -- not on our side, on the other side.
She was going crazy. But we're in very good shape, I have to tell you we're way up in terms of the vote. You know, the Republicans are never up like that. And I don't want to talk too much about it because I really want you to -- I really want you to just assume that it's sort of even, and you're going to turn out tomorrow, and we're going to blow this thing away.
Because, you know, we're leading -- we're leading going in by hundreds of thousands of votes, but just pretend we're tied or losing by a little bit because we want to put on a display tomorrow of unity and everything. The progress that this party has made is incredible. It's very inclusive. It's inclusive of everybody, including our great mayor right back there.
That's a great -- that is a great mayor, and he came through for us. But I just want to -- I want to thank everybody. And a very special hello to Michigan. We're going to do some great things for Michigan. We're going to do great things for Michigan. We're going to bring the car business blazing back.
You're not going to remember what it was like. We're going to -- we're going to make Detroit -- we're going to make Detroit greater than it ever was. Yeah, I've been hearing about Detroit for a long time. They've been talking about that miracle in Detroit. Well, I mean, look, we got to be honest, hasn't happened, but it's going to happen now.
It's going to happen and at levels that you never dreamt possible. So, for you, for the autoworkers who have been so incredible. You've been so incredible, you're going to be -- you're going to be very happy with the things we're doing. We killed the plant, as you know, in Mexico. The biggest plant in the world was going to be built in Mexico, and I absolutely killed it.
But I'd like to begin by asking a question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] Because over the past four years, Americans have suffered one catastrophic failure betrayal and humiliation after another. Kamala has delivered soaring prices [Audience boos] and true economic anguish at home war and chaos abroad and a nation destroying invasion on our southern border, invasion of some of the greatest criminals in the world that are pouring into our country.
And we're not going to take that. We're going to end that like immediately. And I happen to think it's bigger than the economy, and I think, you know, every poll shows the economy and inflation and then the border and the horrible things that are going on. And I don't agree with it. I think we have to focus on all of it.
We do it all at one time. But to me, when you allow thousands of murderers into our country, to me when you allowed the drug kingpins of the world into our -- and terrorists into our country at levels that we've never seen before, to me, that's the bigger problem. We're going to solve it all, but that's the bigger problem.
And we're going to have it taken care of very quickly. But my message to you and to all Americans tonight is very simple. We do not have to live this way. We don't have to live this way. We're not living good four years. What did they do that was good? Can you name one thing? [Audience responds "No"] I said to a group of people I said to a group of people, "What have they done?" Everything's a disaster, including nobody even knows how to -- supposing President Xi of China wanted to call to ask a little question about war or Taiwan or anything, who the hell does he call? We got a little problem in America.
There's nobody to call. You know, they'll probably end up calling me, maybe they'll call me, but no. But who do you call? And remember, they ripped that presidency away from Joe Biden, say what you want. We're not fans of Joe Biden. You know, I spent $150 million on him. We went through the convention.
We never mentioned Kamala. Nobody knew who the hell she was. And all of a sudden, they picked Kamala even though she was in last place. She came in No. 13. They had 12 plus Kamala. She was considered the 13th. But then they wanted to be politically correct so they picked Kamala. And they called her Harris, and nobody knew who Harris was. [Audience member calls out "Who the hell his Harris?"]
Like, "Call Harris." "Who's Harris?" It's weird. You know, it's a very nice name, but it's a strange name because nobody knows who she is. So we have to call her Kamala. But she was the least popular. She got no votes. She lost in the primaries to Joe Biden and everybody else. She was the first one out.
She quit the first one, 22 people. She left. She never made it to the great state of Iowa, never made it. And now, we're running against her, but she's been exposed, you know, she's been exposed. She's a radical left lunatic who destroyed San Francisco. She's a lawyer, but we don't have to settle for weakness and incompetence and decline and decay.
That's a nice word, decay. That's what's happening. That's a nice word, decay, can you imagine? And nobody will question it because it's true. With your vote tomorrow, we can fix every single problem our country faces and lead America indeed the world to new heights of glory. But indeed, think of that statement, how beautiful that is.
New heights of glory, that's what's going to happen when we win the election. And we're really -- well, look, the ball's in our hand. All we have to do is get out the vote tomorrow. You get out the vote, they can't do anything about it. We win. One of their top people just got on television. I was coming in, and they said these are not looking good, these numbers, for them.
This is very troubling. At least, he was honest. No, all we have to do -- if we -- if we get out our people, it's over. There's nothing they can do about it. It's nice when you have that, right, you know? [Audience chants "Trump"] In other words, to make you feel a little guilty, we would only have you to blame.
But we put ourselves in an unusual position, never happened for it, never happened where we're leading by hundreds of thousands of votes in the early-stage vote. That's never happened before. We've always been losing by sometimes millions of votes, and, you know, you keep catching them on Tuesday. But Tuesday comes along, and you make it or you don't quite make it.
You're a little short. And then, they cheat, and it makes it a little tougher. Because when, you know, when you have open borders, transgender, everything, [Audience boos] high taxes, very high taxes -- they're campaigning on the fact that they're going to raise everybody's taxes, and you have men playing in women's sports, [Audience boos] you have to cheat.
Who the hell is going to approve that stuff? Who's going to approve open borders with criminals pouring into our country by the millions. No, they have to cheat. They have to cheat. And they do and they do it very well actually. But I think we're in very good shape. We just have to -- you show up, and you're going to have the biggest victory.
You know what this will be the single greatest victory politically speaking in the history of our country. And when we win the election only one day from now -- do you know how that sounds? I started off saying, "And when we win the election four years from now." That was terrible. That was so depressing, "When we win the election four years from now."
And I said three years and two years and one year. Then, I said six months, and I said, ooh, that's starting to get a little close. And then, I said five, four, three, two, one month. And then, about three weeks ago, when we win the election in 21 days, it just seemed very far away. And now I say when we win the election tomorrow, can you believe it? Can you believe it? Wow. [Audience chants "USA"]
And what we've done -- and this is a sad occasion in certain ways because I think we did like 930 rallies from the very beginning. That's a lot of rallies. And -- and, you know -- and remember, if you make one slip-up -- and, you know, I'm a person, as you probably noticed -- I have this beautiful speech, I haven't really even gotten to it yet.
One of these -- one of these moments, I'll start giving you some beautiful things to listen to and some -- and honestly, some terrible things to listen to, terrible. What's happened, what they've done to our country is horrible, horrible. But -- and by the way, don't you like a president that doesn't need to use a teleprompter? [Audience responds affirmatively] Isn't that something refreshing? But I think I heard somebody say it's like 900, maybe a little more than 900 rallies.
And, you know, rarely do they ever catch me making even a little mistake. I go through rally after rally, 10, 20, 30, and then I say the wrong -- they say, "He's cognitively impaired." No, we're not. I'll let you know when that time happens. It could happen, but hopefully it's not going to be for a long time.
He pronounced a word he slurred the word. And I hate to go back, you know, a lot of guys they'll be talking and they'll make a mistake. Excuse me, let me go back. When you do that, it's over for a good speech. You can't do that. You just have to blaze through it and hope that they didn't hear the mistake.
You know, when Winston Churchill, who was a great speaker, he was actually a stutterer, a tremendous stutterer, and he became one of the greatest orators. And -- but when Winston Churchill made a mistake, he didn't go, "Excuse me," and go back. He just blazed through it. But if I do it, they say he's cognitively impaired.
There's something wrong with him. These people are sick. Those people look at them. [Audience boos] Oh, that's a lot of -- that's a lot of people, that's a lot of people. But this has been an incredible journey. And it's very sad in a way because, you know, we've done all these, and this is the last one.
But here's the good news. All we were doing is putting ourselves in a position to win, which we can do tomorrow very easily if we show up. Just so you know, if we show up, they can't win, they can't. They mathematically can't win because they're so far behind, if you don't show up, I guess. But here's the one thing I will say, show up anyway, but they have no enthusiasm.
She had a rally today. She couldn't have had more than 100 people there. And I had all four stadiums were full. But she had a rally, and she was screaming, "We're going to win, we're going to win." And they wouldn't follow her. They wouldn't say it. Did you see that clip? I'd like to put it up. The problem is I don't put up too many clips.
I have the most beautiful clips. The problem is the press won't follow them. I had a friend -- [Audience boos] I had a friend a couple of weeks ago. We made these gorgeous clips and -- actually, gorgeous in one way, but horrible in another, showing the death of children and all the damage that they've caused with the open border.
And all they have to do is take those cameras -- look at all those cameras. And all they have to do is move them like an inch over and an inch up. I have, oftentimes -- I have oftentimes screens right behind me. All they have to do is just move it up two inches like this, and they don't do it because they're fake news.
They don't want to show what's on the screen. Such a shame. [Audience boos] So, I don't -- so, I'm having a modestly good hair day, look at that, look. Modestly. Not the best, I'm not thrilled, but it is what it is. No, it's great. But what I do see behind me are beautiful people, great workers, people that are proud and they love our country.
That's what I really see nice beautiful. So, it puts us assuming we can win tomorrow, which I think we should be able to do pretty easily. It's in our hands, right? It's in our hands. It's totally in our hands. [Audience member calls out "It's today."] Oh, it's today. Oh, oh, thank you. That's today.
Wow. Can you imagine a crowd like this at like 1 o'clock or some ridiculous time in the morning on a -- on a Monday/Tuesday, right? Think of that. What a compliment? And it is true. She had nobody at these rallies. That's -- you know, that's a poll. Look, Mr. Wall -- look at Mr. Wall over there. This guy -- it was always my ambition to buy a suit like that and wear it one time.
Well, I came in, in a sanitation uniform last week and that worked out pretty good. Because Joe Biden, in one of his crazy moments, said that we were all garbage. [Audience boos] But they've shut him down. They took the election away. They walked in and they said, "You're not running anymore. You're out."
Can you believe -- they stole the election from a president. They stole -- can you imagine that? They said you're not -- you know, they use the word coup. I think it's worse than a coup in a sense because a coup is a little back and forth. They said, "Joe, you're out." That crazy, horrible human being, Nancy Pelosi, who cheats like hell.
[Audience boos] She's so -- she so -- you know what she said last night, she said -- and there's another guy, the guy -- how do you explain that guy? They say, "Well, we'll get ready to start impeaching him." Now, how bad -- how bad are people like that? They're just trouble for our country. They're bad sick people.
They took two impeachments and they wasted all that time and money and energy when we should be focusing on making America great again. They're horrible people. I mean, Nancy Pelosi started with nothing. She's worth $200 million. You know, she sold -- she had a big position in Visa, and she sold it. And the day after she sold it, the Justice Department announced that they were under this massive investigation.
You're a stock guy, right? They're under a massive investigation. So, I don't know what happened, but I don't imagine the stock went up. History would tell you the stock went down. Did it go down a lot? It went down a lot. So, they have this big position. She sells her stock. Hours after she sells her stock, they announce that Visa is under massive investigation.
The stock goes tumbling down. She's a crooked person. She is a bad person. Evil, she's an evil sick, crazy -- oh, no. It starts with a B, but I won't say it. I want to say it. [Audience chants "Say it."] I want to say it. But Franklin Graham said, "Sir, I love your speaking ability and I love your storytelling, but, honestly, it would be even better if you wouldn't use foul language."
And I don't use much, you know, every once in a while. And it's never a real bad word. It's -- you know, it's like never bad. And so, I tried to adhere. But he's wrong about one thing. It is a little better when you use the foul language because it's more emphasis. No, but these are bad people. These are bad -- Adam "Shifty" Schiff. [Audience boos]
I call him pencil neck. He's got the smallest neck I've ever seen. He's got about a four, and he's got the biggest head. So, I don't know how the neck can hold the head. He's an unattractive guy both inside and out. And this guy can end up being a senator, but don't worry. We've been beating him for eight years.
We've been beating these people. We've been beating them. They impeached me, we win. They send me down to record check, the Records Act, and we won in Florida. We won -- we win but, you know, we have to take a lot of time, a lot of time, a lot of money, which is what they want, a lot of time and a lot of money.
This way, we can stop -- the one guy we don't want to fight is Trump. We can stop him from getting the Republican nomination, and I got the Republican nomination in record time, record time. And let's keep going and maybe we can stop him from winning the presidency. But that's looking pretty good tomorrow, I'll tell you, if they give us probably a 95 -- what do you think, a 95 percent or something like that.
But don't believe it, don't believe it. Go out and vote. Remember the story of Hillary. Just remember this, I tell you the story. She was in bad shape when she called me up that night. And by the way, she called up and conceded and then spent seven years on saying how she was a good sport. Oh, she's a wonderful -- she's a lovely person, crooked Hillary.
But you know what? She's smart. And -- but she wasn't like -- she lied a lot. I mean, a lot, but nobody lies like this Kamala. Kamala. "He will not ever frac in Pennsylvania." My whole case is fracking. "And he will open the borders immediately." No, no, no, I'm going to close the borders. However, if people want to come in, they can come in legally.
They have to come in through a process. We need people -- but Kamala is -- I mean this is known. She's a very low-IQ person, and we don't need a low-IQ individual. We've had that for four years, and our country is going down the drain. We're going to turn our country around. I will end inflation very quickly.
You know how we're going to end it? By drilling and drilling and drill, drill, drill. Energy is going to bring everything down. Energy is going to bring it down. And I will stop the invasion of criminals coming across our border. I will strengthen our military, I will restore peace in the world, and I will rescue the American dream.
We're going to have the American dream back soon. Together, we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country, and we will launch the most extraordinary economic boom the world has ever seen. [Audience responds affirmatively] If you vote for lying Kamala, you will have four more years of misery, failure, and disaster our country may never recover from.
I don't believe that our country can take any more of this. I -- without -- just gone. I don't believe it can take anymore. It's going to be a -- can't take this. This is -- this is -- this is abnormal abuse, abnormal abuse. And I heard somebody said the wall. I built 571 miles of wall, which is much more than I said I was going to build.
And, you know, it really worked, walls worked. Two things work. What are the two things? Walls and wheels. They're the only two things that never get obsolete, right? Walls and wheels. A wall and a wheel, it's always going to be around. Other things, they have the beautiful computers, you know, you buy a computer.
Oh, this is the greatest. Two weeks later, it's obsolete. Life goes on. I don't know how people do it. We have the king of computers. We have the king of everything endorsed me, Elon Musk. And he brought that rocket ship down two weeks ago. I never -- 22 storeys, that's like monster. You don't know, is it big or small? It's a monster, 22 storeys.
And you know that story, I told it a couple of times. I love this story because I really -- the best part is I'm talking to one of the most important guys in the world. And I say, "Wait a minute, could I just watch something? I see something on --" I have the television muted, right? I'm looking at this crazy rocket.
And I saw it leaving a little while before and it was all beautiful white. Now, it's absolutely burned to a crisp. You know, it goes 10,000 miles an hour, the heat is at levels that nobody can experience. So, it's a little, you know, rough. It's a little rough on the paint job. And it's coming in, and I'm watching, and I'm holding this very important person, one of the most important people.
But, you know, when you were the president -- and now, it's very possible like maybe 95 percent that you're going to be the president again, they hold. No, they hold. So, I say, "Do you mind holding for a minute? I have to see this." And I put the phone down. That guy was holding like for an hour and a half.
I don't know. He never got off the phone. I wish he would have hung up. I would have felt better. Because I picked up the phone later, I said, "Oh, wow, hello?" "Hello." He goes, "Hello." Anyway, but it was so exciting. So, I'm watching it, and this monstrous thing is going down, right? And it's coming down.
It's -- first of all, it's doing all sorts of flips up in the air. This -- I would not want to be on that sucker. I don't care how good Elon is. I said, "Elon, you wouldn't get me on that ship under any circumstances." But it's coming down. It's a little rough. And now, all of a sudden, it starts to slow down as it gets to the ground.
Then, it starts to move over, and then it gets a little bit out of control. It looks like a little -- and the left part of the bottom is going to rip, just rip that big gantry. It's this -- you know, whatever the hell it is that holds it, and it's coming in. Oh. And I didn't know it was Elon's. I just assumed.
You know, he loves this stuff, he's in a class. But it's coming in, and it's going to rip the gantry. I say, "Oh, this is bad, this is going to be bad." I closed my eyes. All of a sudden, wow, you have this massive flame coming out of the left hand side of the bottom. It was these big jet engine. It pushes it away.
And it's coming down, and then it settles into a plate. And then, those arms grab it like you grab your baby, just like you grab your little baby. And it hugged it and just put it down, and there it was there. There it was. and I called Ellen, I said, "Was that you? He said, "Yes." And he said, "And by the way --" he said this, "And by the way --" this is something I'd never said because I didn't even think of it before when I told this story. He said, "
And by the way, I'm heading up to Pennsylvania to campaign for you." That was two weeks ago. He's still there. [Audience responds affirmatively] Can you believe it? Because he considers the election more important than rockets, more important than anything. He helped us out a lot in North Carolina and parts of Georgia where they needed -- desperately needed the Starlink. I had no idea what Starlink -- they called me up -- they called me up in Georgia. Elon's incredible. He has Starlink. He's got everything has to do with stars and stuff, very complex stuff. No, he's amazing. But, "
Sir, I know that you know Elon Musk because I read your endorsement," you know, he says the most important endorsement he'll ever make. It was such a nice thing, and he said he wants to help. And I didn't know he was going to help to this extent. He went up -- he won the big case today, too. He won the case.
Because, I don't know, he did something that -- I don't know what he was doing, but he did something with lotteries, and, you know, he's in a different -- he's amazing. I'm going to do lotteries and this and that and make your life fun, and he's having a good time. You know, he usually is in a lab, and he's happy there.
All of a sudden he's escaped the lab. And now, he's out, and the public adores him. He's a great guy. The public absolutely adores him. But the man from North Carolina, great guy. You know, North Carolina was hit so hard with the water. The hurricane was essentially a massive pile of water. It was a big water hurricane, the biggest we've ever had.
And they were so flooded. Areas that had never virtually seen water had turned out to be lakes. They ripped houses, trees. Everything was ripped down by the power of the tides that were going back and forth. It was terrible. And this man said, "If you could ask him for help with Starlink, we cannot get it. It's very hard to get."
And I called Elon, and he got it immediately for them. He got it so much that -- he had it there immediately, so much that -- that, you know, they couldn't even believe it. He said, "This has saved a lot of lives." They had no communication in North Carolina, which, by the way, we're leading. In fact, somebody said they picked up stakes.
There's no more ads, there's no more anything. It's usually a good sign. That's usually a sign that they're not going to win. But one of the reasons they're not going to win is because FEMA did such a bad job. FEMA, you know, we had a great FEMA. We did good. But they spent most of their money, as you know, on illegal migrants coming in. [Audience boos]
They spent -- they spent so much money that they didn't have the money to take care of the people from North Carolina. But we will be there on January 20th because on January 20th, that's when you assume all -- but they pulled up stakes. Historically, when you pull up stakes and stop advertising and leave, historically, you're in pretty good shape in that state.
Is that correct politically? Because I haven't done this as long as some of the -- as well and as long as -- well, I think I've done it better actually because I ended up being president. So, I probably -- but some of our great politicians have done this for a lot longer than me. So, let me ask you, all of these senators and -- when you pull up stakes and leave, historically -- Doug Burgum was so incredible.
He really is, isn't he? Is he a classic? His wife is much better. She blows him away, right? Kathryn is much better. But, Doug, when you pull up stakes and you stop advertising, doesn't that generally mean that it's over, right? So, Doug is cautious. He doesn't want to -- he thinks this is a trick question.
No, it means it's over. And I think it's over in a lot of places. I think we're going to see some incredible stuff tomorrow. But -- but it won't -- it won't matter. It won't matter. As long as you -- as long as you go out and vote. Nothing's going to matter because it's in -- you know, the expression, the ball is in their hands, the ball is in our hands.
They can't do a thing about it. And now, you're going to go out there later today [Audience responds affirmatively] and you're going to show us something and vote for me. And I will deliver rising wages, soaring incomes, and a colossal surge of jobs. You're going to -- we're going to use things. What's the most beautiful word in the dictionary? We're going to create wealth opportunity for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed.
But I have to tell you one quick story because I'm so proud. They're going to build this great big plant. They're building it. They're going to build it. China's going to build a plant, and it's going to destroy Michigan, destroy it, destroy Detroit. Everyone's going to move out. [Audience boos] And I heard about it through a friend of mine that builds plants.
That's what he does. He builds plants, he builds them better than anybody. John, let's just call him John. And he was sitting there. And I was at the Economic Club of Detroit a couple of weeks ago. But I told John a year ago, "I want to see a plant." And he said, "Well, I'll have to take you to Mexico."
I said, "I don't want to see a plant -- I want to see a plant here. I want a big one." He said, "We don't really do too many big ones in the United States anymore." I said, "What is that all about? Mexico?" He said, well, "China is building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world. They're building them in Mexico."
And I said, "Well, I'm not happy about that. I don't want to see the damn plant in Mexico. It wouldn't look right if I'm in Mexico, looking at plants." Do we agree, sir? It wouldn't look right. And so, he said, all right, -- I said, "Forget it." Then, I thought about it. And I was making this speech in Detroit and I said -- a couple of weeks before, I said, "If they want to build a plant in Mexico owned by China so that they can save all of the costs associated with bringing their cars and all of the things, I'm going to put 100 percent tariff on every single car coming out of that plant. And if that's not enough, I'll make it 200, 300, 500, 800, I don't give a damn what it is. And they're not going to have one car made in that plant that ever crosses that border, which is right next to them."
Anyway, so I see John in the audience, and I gave them that notice a little before, and it was public. And I see him and I send my people, I say, "After I speak, make sure he comes to the back. I want to see him backstage." So, I see John. I say, "John, how's that big monster plant that's going to rip apart our country?" But it's going to hurt South Carolina, Tennessee, and all the other places that do a lot of cars.
It's going to hurt everybody. It's going to hurt the country. "How is that plant doing?" He said, "Sir, they've given it up because they think you're going to win, and they think you're going to tariff them. And they think they're going to lose their shirt. And, sir, they've given up that plant, it's not going to be built anymore."
So, I saved Michigan and I saved Detroit. And we're going to let them build that plant. But you know where we want them to build it? Right here, we want them to build it. And then, they won't have any tariffs to pay. They won't have any tariffs. And they're going to use you to operate that big sucker and they can build as big as they want with no tariffs.
I said, "Let them know, we'd love to have their investment. They're going to build it right here in Detroit, or, at a minimum, they're going to build it someplace in the United States. And they won't have any problems." So, that's the story. So, I saved Detroit and Michigan a lot. That alone -- and I did that without even being president, how about that? They said, "He's going to win."
They told John, "We think Trump is going to win, and he's not going to let us make anything. And he's going to do things that we don't know. This guy is crazy." Because you know, I charge China hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs. They paid us. Not one other president -- and you know, we're going to get along great with China.
We're going to get along good. I want to get along with them. President Xi was great until COVID came, then I wasn't so thrilled with him. But we did a great job in that. You know, we get -- we went back -- nobody knew what the hell it was. We did a great job. We get credit on our military, no wars. We did no wars.
I had no wars. Remember when crooked Hillary Clinton -- remember when crooked Hillary was screaming during a debate, "He's going to start wars. He's going to have wars. He's going to prosecute wars all over the place. Look at him, he's a very volatile person." I'm actually not. I'm a very calm person.
She's the one that's volatile. But she said, "He's a very volatile person. He'll start --" No, I stopped the wars with my being volatile. Nobody had a war. We didn't have any wars, except that we finished a war that we had. We beat ISIS; 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate was taken down, and it was done in a matter of weeks.
When our stupid generals are terrible generals, you know the guys up top like Milley, like Kelly, real losers. [Audience boos] Kelly was dumb as a rock. I'll never do that again. I let people -- I say, "Give me a letter of resignation." "Yes, sir." I'd like to say -- h said, "You just give me --" you know, Biden never fired anybody that's why he never had a bad book written about him.
And, also, number two, nobody cared. When I fired somebody, every major publisher in the world, "Will you say something bad?" I had one person who was so compliment -- "Sir, you're the greatest president that ever lived," blah, blah, blah. Then, she gets a show. But they only want to hire her if -- and I have all these letters, "There's never been a better president."
She goes on the show. "I didn't like him. He was terrible, what a terrible human being." These people are sick. But you know what? All we can do is keep winning. That's all. Win, win, win. But a vote for Trump means your groceries -- such a word I hear all the time because I do like to mix it up with people, more so than my consultants.
I think the people are much smarter than my consultants. My consultants are good, but I get much better like people say groceries, right? I haven't used that. You know, it's such a sort of an old term. They say, "My groceries are so much more." I have it, you know the term is just like an old term, and it's so beautiful.
But they say, "But my groceries were so expensive." They'll be cheaper, your paychecks will be higher, your streets will be safer and cleaner, your communities will be richer, and your future as an American will be much better than it ever has been when I get in. Because this will be the golden age of America.
And that's what I'm calling it. I'm telling the press, I hope you put it in. Isn't that a beautiful phrase? The golden age. I like to brand. I like to brand things like I brand Pocahontas. And, you know, I have a -- I do a lot of branding. I'm one of the greatest branders in the world. A lot of them were Republicans, but they're all now friends of mine so I can't talk.
Some of my greatest branding was on the Republicans during the primaries, but they were all friends of mine, most of them -- some of them. Yeah, most of them are. Most of them are. But, you know, I don't talk about that. They -- once -- once the battle is over, I take those words. I put them away permanently in some cases.
On occasion, I'll bring them back out. But just a few months ago, in a beautiful field in Pennsylvania, an assassin tried to stop our great movement, greatest movement in history. [Audience boos] But that brush with death did not stop us by any means. It only made us more determined to finish the job that we had only just started.
That was not a pleasant day, I will tell you. That was not a pleasant day. But many people say that God saved me in order to save America. Many people have seen it so many times. And with your help, we will fulfill that extraordinary mission together. We're going to fill it together. We are going to fulfill it together.
It's a beautiful expression. And, you know, I think it might be true. I have sons that are here right now, Don and Eric, and they're great people. But they're really great shooters. They're like top-of-the-line shooters. They know so much about it. They say it was almost impossible for somebody -- [Audience member calls out "It's a miracle."]
yeah, a miracle. It was -- it was a miracle. That's the miracle right up there, right? But I didn't realize that. But from the distance that they were, they say it was a miracle. Well, if I didn't turn to the right to look at that beautiful graph that we had up having to do with illegal immigration.
So, illegal immigration saved me, can you imagine? And speaking of that graph, let me see that graph. I love it so much. I love it. I hug it and kiss it every night. I take it to bed with me. My wife thinks I'm crazy. I bring it to bed with me. Look, if I don't put that up -- and it's never there. It's always there or there, but usually it's on the left.
So, if I look to the left, I'm gone. If I looked over there -- but it was like -- it's something happened. Something happened. Something up there happened. But think of it. So, I said, just like I did right now. The shooter's right there, right exactly 90 degrees. That crazy guy right there. And I said, let me see the graph.
What the hell was that? But if I didn't turn, it goes a little -- it's not good. You don't want to see that. So, it was a miracle or a gift from God, maybe. [Audience responds affirmatively] And when Don and Eric, who are really great shooters, they heard that, and then they heard the gun, gun. They know exactly the gun, the AR-15.
It's supposed to be very accurate and all that stuff. And this guy wasn't -- you know, he was at the range all the time shooting. He was supposed to be a good shooter. They said a bad shooter would hit it almost every time, a bad shooter. Don said it's the equivalent of sinking a one-foot putt. Then, he put it in golf terms.
They said, that's not good. Because for those that don't play golf, it's almost impossible to miss a one-foot putt. And so, it's amazing. So, they were shaken up. They were -- they couldn't believe it. They actually said God did that because they didn't believe that they could. Now, it wasn't a miss.
I mean, there wasn't -- it ripped the hell out of it. But I consider that a miss. It ripped it. It ripped it up pretty good. And it was a very bloody mess. And the doctor, who was great in Butler, he said, "Sir, I want you to go with me to buy a lottery ticket because I've seen this -- I've been doing this for 35 years, sir, and I've never seen anything like it. I've never seen anyone come out of it with that gun from that range."
I said, -- he said, "I want to buy a lottery ticket with you tonight." And I said, "Well, Doc, you know, let's not do that. Let's see if we can get this sucker to stop bleeding." But he told me the ear is the bloodiest part, you get hit in the ear, something to do with cartilage. So, they thought I was hit all over.
I said I wasn't hit all over because I was down. And I wasn't hit all over. I said I was hit in the ear. Now, get me up. Get me up. They said, "Sir." And they were touching all over the place because it was so bloody. They said, "Sir, you've been hit in other --" I said, "I'm telling you." You know what's funny? When I was -- the word's surreal, right? When I was -- got to the White House, I was standing right outside and then inside the Lincoln bedroom, the bedroom of Abraham Lincoln, his wife, his son, Tad, who died, actually as a very young boy, very young.
It was a very rough time for them. They were suffering tremendous melancholia. You know, they called it -- they were melancholia. Melancholia, they called it, not depression. It's the same thing, but in those days, they called it melancholia. But I was in the Lincoln bedroom, so famous, all the furniture, just the way it is.
And he was very tall. He was 6-foot-6. That's like the equivalent of a Barron Trump today, who's a lot taller than 6-foot-6. He's a good-looking guy, but he is tall. And -- but he was 6-foot-6. In those days, very unusual, but he was tall. And then, you put his hat on, which was another foot, right? So he was a pretty tall guy.
But the bed was very long. You could see it was elongated. But I was there, and it was like a really surreal. I was with the first lady, who was very popular, who got the No. 1 book in the country. Can you believe it? Go buy it. Go buy that book. Go but that book, it's great. I was a little nervous when I started reading it.
I said, "This could be very bad for me." Releasing a book before the election could be very dangerous to me. But, no, it's a great book, and she's a great writer, actually. She wrote a note at the convention. Remember the note she wrote? It was so well-crafted that these guys right here wanted to put it as part of the platform.
It was unbelievable. The book is unbelievable. So, go get it for Christmas or something. But it was just -- when I was in the Lincoln bedroom, it was a surreal experience. It was like an outer body -- outer body, they call it, experience. And it just was like it was something unbelievable. I said, can you believe this is where we are? And I was not a Washington person.
I was only there 17 times. According to the fake news, I was up -- but I think it's right. I was only there 17 times in my entire life. I wasn't. But -- and I was a New York guy. But -- and which, you know, now I'm very much a Washington guy. I know the good ones, the bad ones, people. I know the dumb ones, the smart ones.
I know a lot about the people. I didn't know anything about the people. I had to rely -- and we still did. We did great. We had mostly great, great -- the trade people, the war people. We had a lot of great people. But when I was underground, there was no surreal experience. I knew I was shot in the ear.
And I was telling Secret Service -- and let me tell you, they were damn brave. I went down fast because -- I mean, I looked, there was blood all over my hand. I said, "This is not the normal situation." It's either the largest mosquito in history or I got hit by a bullet. And I followed my hand down, and I think people were also shouting, "Get down, get down," I think it was.
But I went down, and I'm telling you, I had, I guess, seven Secret Service agents follow me. They were very brave. I'm telling you, those bullets were flying over our head. And, you know, you can't forget that. You can't forget that. Those bullets -- and I heard those bullets going. I said to somebody, "How fast were they going?" They gave me some mathematical number.
I said, "No, I want to know in miles per hour." And I think it was 3,200 miles per hour. You know, think of that. You know, a car, you're going fast at 70 or 80. These are 3,000 something. And those suckers were going over my head. There were eight of them. Total, it was a total of eight shots fired.
And there was a shot by a Secret Service sniper. Amazing. One bullet he used. But I think we also had help from one of the police snipers. He hit the stock of the gun or something, and we appreciate that very much. But it was amazing. But when I was down there, I was totally aware. I said, "No, get me up. Get me up."
Because I was speaking in front of a massive -- you couldn't even see the end of it. Now, when we had the celebration honoring Corey, the firefighter, great guy -- when we had that celebration, we had 101,000 people. And that's when I really got to see the real -- that's where I really got to see the real Musk because I invited him up.
And he's always, like, in a lab. And it's almost like he was released. And I said, "You have to come up here, Elon, just come up." And he looked out, and he was so happy. I think he loves people. And he started doing jumping jacks and stuff behind me, right? He was so happy. I think he's going to run for office against me.
I'm very concerned. No, he's great. It was great. But he was so happy, and it was a great celebration. But when I was down, it was -- there was no feeling like I had in the White House. I mean, I totally was aware of everything. But had I not made that turn, I wouldn't be with you tonight. And that would have been -- that would have been bad.
And I hope that's right. I hope that's right. I hope that God did put me here to really save this country because this country is in big, big trouble. This countries is in big trouble. [Audience chants "Trump"] I hope so. To every person and every citizen across this land, I am asking for the honor of your vote.
I don't want your money. Most people want your money. I don't want any money. I don't want it. All I want you to do is go out today. Sounds a little strange. Go out today. Meaning go out in a few hours, OK? This guy's complicated because it sounds so much better when you say tomorrow when it's night, but that's OK.
I want to be exactly accurate for them. But go out today and vote in, I guess, 7 o'clock or whatever, whatever time it is, doesn't matter. And we're going to have the greatest victory in the history of our country. And as your president, I will fight for you every single day with every breath in my body.
Together, we will save this country, this great country that we love. We will defeat the corrupt system in Washington. Because I'm not running against Kamala. I'm running against an evil Democrat system. These are evil people. I wasn't running against Biden either. He was stuck in a basement. I didn't even run against him.
I mean, no, we're running against a very evil system, and we have to defeat that system. And America's future will be an absolutely incredible one. As we stand on the brink of rescuing our country, I want to take a moment to thank the millions of hardworking men and women who are the heart and soul of this, the greatest movement of all time.
Because it's you much more so than me, frankly. You're incredible people. You built this country, and you're going to save this country. But you're incredible people. You're really incredible people. And as I said in the very beginning, this isn't my campaign, this is your campaign. This is a great campaign that's -- now, it's nine years, and we've been fighting side by side every step of the way.
We've been together. That's why it's not even hard. People say to me, like, very successful people, "How do you stand up and talk in front of these people?" And it's sort of easy because they're love. It's love in these rooms. I just left Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, fly up here, and the love was the same.
It's such love. And it's not hard to do. It's -- you know, it's much harder to do when you have people screaming at you. But there's love in this room. I think there's love in the whole country. I think it's a much bigger movement than we even understand. I think we're going to end up getting numbers that are far greater than we would expect.
But you've given your time, your money, and your whole heart for this cause. And your support means more than anything you can even understand. It's amazing. I love you all. You're very special. This is my last -- my last rally. Can you believe it? The rallies -- these big, beautiful rallies, there's never been anything like it.
And there never will be anything like it. And it just happened. It -- you have to stand up and tell Kamala that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. "You're destroying our country. You were a terrible vice president. You destroyed San Francisco." She destroyed San Francisco. And she worked -- when she was attorney general of California, she worked along with a lot of her friends out there, like Gavin New-scum, the governor, one of the worst governors in history [Audience boos] and destroy the state.
I mean, more people moved out than moved in last year. First time ever, that's never happened before. You're going to say, "Kamala, you're horrible at your job. You don't know what you're doing. You're a low-IQ individual. We want smart people. We want cunning people. We're dealing with the smartest people in the world. We don't want you negotiating nuclear deals because you don't want the -- you don't know what the word nuclear means. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're going to ruin our country."
If we win Michigan, we win the whole thing. The whole thing. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people. She was given the authority to run the border b sleepy Joe because he wanted to go to bed and he wanted to sleep.
He had only one thing he wanted to do and that's sleep. So he made her the border czar. Now, she's trying to deny it. By the way, the Border Patrol, two weeks ago, gave us the strongest -- the strongest endorsement you've ever heard. They said, "He's the greatest president in history and the best president on the border by a factor of 10."
And I said to them, "Does that mean I'm better than Abraham Lincoln and George?" "Yes, sir. You're better than both of them." I had one problem. I had one of the guys that came up and, you know, they -- like 10 guys, they all made speeches. He's like 36. He said, "Sir, you're the greatest president in my lifetime."
I said, "I like the first guy better." I like Lincoln and Washington better than 36 years, right? But he meant well. But you know what? I was, in terms of the border, what we did, we built all that wall. We built an extra 200 miles. They could have flipped it up in three weeks. You know that. It was all built.
They sold it for scrap metal for 5 cents of the dollar, so much -- [Audience boos] and that's when I realized they actually want open borders. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums and mental institutions.
And these people are all coming into our country. Are you OK down there? Is somebody hurt? Oh, is somebody hurt? Oh, I saw you looking on the floor. I thought somebody was hurt. Oh, OK. We don't want our people to be hurt, right? We don't want -- but all around the world, they come from Venezuela, they come from the Congo and Africa, not just from South America.
They come from all over the world. And they're stealing countless American lives. They're killing a lot of our people, a lot, far more than anybody thought even possible. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. The United States is now an occupied country.
Who would have believed somebody that's running for president and perhaps will be president in less than 24 hours or -- or maybe it will take these machines that we pay so much for two weeks. Can you believe it? [Audience boos] You know, if you used very highly sophisticated watermark papers, very sophisticated -- it's more sophisticated than the machines.
Paper, highly sophisticated. OK, if you used paper and if you used voter ID and if you had one day and you -- in addition, to voter ID, you have a proof of the fact that you're a citizen of our country, which would be nice, you would have the results tabulated, like in France, at 37 million people. The results were tabulated at 930 in the evening.
They had a winner, they had a loser, and they went home. And here's the other thing. I know nobody is very cost-conscious anymore. Eight percent would be the cost compared to the cost of these very highly complex machines. And Elon Musk told me -- he probably knows more about computers than any man in the world.
He said that machines don't work because they're easily violated. Now, this is the smartest guy in the world, the guy that runs rockets with computers, and saying that computers are far more important than the engines. I mean, nobody knows anything like this. But if you used paper, it's 8 percent the cost of the other.
It's more accurate. And you don't have 12-day waits. And then, what the hell is happening in the inside of those machines? We want the answer tomorrow, tonight. We want the answer tonight. They spend all this money. They spend all this money. An old-fashioned paper is much less expensive. And you know what? It's more accurate.
It's much better. They just -- something's going on with this. I mean, what the hell are they doing? [Audience member calls out "They're cheating."] But we want the -- we don't want to wait 10 days, 12 days, 3 days, 2 days, or 2 hours. We want the answer tonight. [Audience responds affirmatively] So, we live in an occupied country, and I will tell you, we will be an occupied country no longer.
This will take very -- you know, these young guys -- you know, these have military-type equipment, highest-grade, highest-level, supreme military equipment. Where the hell do they get this stuff? They've taken over large parts of Colorado. They've taken over parts of numerous states. And a lot of people don't want to talk about it because they think it's going to destroy their city or town.
They're all over the place. And where they're not -- those people running those towns, when they're not, they are going to -- they're petrified. They don't want them coming in. In one town, in Ohio, as you know, they have a beautiful town of -- think of this -- 50,000 people. And they dumped 30,000 migrants into the town. [Audience boos]
So, you have 50,000, now you have 30,000 migrants. Springfield, Ohio. It's a beautiful -- it's a beautiful place, gorgeous place. And now, if you want to go to the hospital, you can't. If you want to get a checkup, you can't. If you want to find a doctor, you can't. If you want to get your kid into school, you can't.
It's a whole different world. It can't be -- we can't allow this to happen. They're destroying our country. November 5th, 2024, will be liberation day in America. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered.
Can you believe I'm running for this great office and I'm talking about rescuing cities and towns that have been invaded and conquered? Can you imagine 10 years ago? Can you imagine 10 years ago using language like that? Or saying, "We will not allow men to play in women's sports." You know, if you go back just 10 years and you move yourself forward and you heard a politician saying, "We will not allow men to play in women's sports," they'll think, "Is this guy crazy? Of course, they're not going to play."
To expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, Tren de is from Venezuela --Venezuela prison system, and they are rough, they are rough, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole because we don't want them back.
And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. And I will ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. They're sanctuary for criminals. Four years of Kamala have delivered nothing but economic hell for American workers.
The workers are getting destroyed. Her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000 and higher prices. Think of that. Who can afford that? Just days ago, we had the worst jobs report in modern history. I never wanted to be Herbert Hoover, and I'm glad these numbers are coming out now.
I'll fix it, but, boy, it's getting bad, 12,000 jobs were announced. Usually you hear 200, 250, you know, and you hear it for years and years, 12,000 jobs. And then, they became frauds. It was a fraud on the country because they made up numbers. Thirty thousand private sector jobs were killed in a single month.
And nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs have been wiped out since just the start of the year. You don't hear these numbers from the fake news. One hundred fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, 150,000. These are depression-type numbers. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force.
Just think, a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed 818,000 jobs were created when, in fact, there were none. They said 818,000 jobs were created in our country, [Audience member calls out "They're liars."] which kept us -- and what that did is it kept us like, OK, it wasn't great, but it was like not record-shattering or anything.
But it was a lie, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it until after the election, and then announce after the election that they made a mistake. These are bad people. Fortunately, there was a whistleblower, who I think should be entitled to an award. Could you imagine if it were me and we lost the election and then a few days later they say that the job numbers are being revised by almost a million people? And now, they've just revised it again.
On top of the 818,000, 112,000 fake jobs were just announced. So, you add that up and it's almost one million fraudulent jobs were announced. And nothing happens, these guys don't report about it. [Audience boos] If I was talking about -- if I was talking about two jobs, it would be like front page on every newspaper.
They cheated, and it's fraud. You know, when they make mistakes, they make them for 2,000, 3,000, there was never -- 818,000 jobs right before the election were announced, and they turned out to be a fraud. And they were going to announce the revision after the election was over. What the hell kind of an election would that have been? So, I want to thank this whistleblower.
Meanwhile, 100 percent of the net jobs created in the last year have gone to migrants. Think of that, 100 percent. [Audience boos] One hundred percent of the jobs that were created went to migrants, not to people. And I'll tell you what, your Black population is being devastated by these people. They're taking all the Black population jobs away.
And they should announce those numbers before the election also, because, frankly, what's happening there, you're going to see some bad things happen. They're taking their jobs. And the Hispanic population is going to be next. You watch. It's horrible. But if I win, it's going to be not so horrible, because we'll fix it.
These are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading. If she's elected -- if she's elected, we're talking about a 1929-style depression. Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle. We're going to make it a miracle. We will make America wealthy again, and we will make America affordable again.
And we're just -- one day -- meaning a half a day, sir, away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen. But you must vote, got to vote. You got to vote. Kamala's plan will impose the largest tax hike in American history. I've never heard anybody campaign -- I've done this stuff for long time, but I've been involved for a very long time supporting candidates.
And candidates are always saying, "We will reduce your taxes, efficiency, all this stuff." They're running on the fact that they're going to raise taxes substantially. I've never heard that. This is the craziest campaign I've ever seen. "We will raise your taxes. Vote for us." [Audience member calls out "Mondale"] Mondale, he says Mondale.
I think you're right. "We're going to raise your taxes." But they're going to do that on the typical family, American family. They're raising the taxes more than $3,000 a year. My plan will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, that we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax for our great seniors on Social Security benefits.
To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill, drill, drill, drill. And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, OK? When that happens, everything's coming down. The donuts are going to come down.
The food is going to come down, as we say, the groceries. I just told this story at Pittsburgh. A woman, elderly, goes to a supermarket and takes three apples and brings the apples to the counter. And then, she realizes that the price went up yet again, and she doesn't have the money for them. And she walks -- she excuses herself.
She walks back to the refrigerator, puts the apple back in the refrigeration, and walks back and buys the two apples. That shouldn't be happening in our country. That should not be happening. And we're not going to have it happen long. I will cancel Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate. [Audience responds affirmatively] And I will make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible.
So, how about that? Nobody thought --people -- the most brilliant people -- is that Scott Bessent over there? Where is Scott? Scott, stand up. He said he's one of the most brilliant people in Wall Street. Do you agree, Scott, that you're one of the most brilliant people on Wall Street? Because everybody else says it.
He's too shy to say it. But he's a genius. You know what his theory is? The stock market is the only sign of life, and it's only going up because everyone thinks Trump is going to win the election. And others, too. Others, too. I'm seeing it a lot. I think they're following your lead. But I appreciate that confidence.
It's very nice. He's a brilliant guy. But so they call up and they say -- brilliant guys are calling me up. And they say, "Where'd you come up --" on a car loan, we're going to give people -- we want to develop the car business in this country. And a car loan, we're going to give people the right to deduct the interest -- deduct interest.
But only if the car is made in the USA. What the hell do I care if a car is going to be made in -- if a car is going to be made in Japan or China or someplace, what the hell? I don't care if they buy it. I want them to buy cars. So, think of that -- what that's going to do for Michigan. So, if a car is made in Michigan, you get a big deduction.
That's like -- that's going to be -- somebody -- so I started just with the deduction. Then, I thought to myself, you know, why should I give them a deduction to buy a car that's made in China or Japan or South Korea? Well, I don't -- you know, look, I mean, they're wonderful people. Everyone's wonderful.
But I want them to be built here. So, then I came in with that little extra tip, and it says, "But you only get the deduction if the car is made in America." Isn't that like cool? And hopefully right here in Detroit and Michigan would be great. We're thrilled to be joined by your next senator, Mike Rogers.
Mike, thank you very much. Thank you. You're doing great. This guy is doing great. He is amazing. I think you're -- I'll tell you, you know, it's hard to beat some of these people because they lie. I heard she's another one. She's going around saying she's very close to Trump. She agrees with Donald Trump on the tariffs and the wall and this and that, but she never agreed until about two weeks ago when she was losing, right? No, she's doing it.
But I have about six of them. They're doing that. They're doing that against Bernie Moreno. They got a guy running against him, Brown, Sherrod Brown. I love President Trump very much. He's great. You know, we're leading -- I'm leading, you know, like almost 20 points or something. So, all of a sudden, they love me.
They all love me. And the day after the election, he'll be calling for my impeachment. Let's impeach him. These people are sick. But we have great members, and Mike is really a talented guy, respected all over Washington. He was there. He was very successful. And I hope he can represent you because he's going to be one of the stalwarts.
He'll be a leader. Thank you very much. And also members of Congress, John Joyce, Bill Huizenga, Tim Walberg, John Moolenaar. I saw you guys, very good speech you guys made. Boy, you really were rocking them, huh? You guys, very different styles, but tremendous talents. That's really good. Thank you very much.
They really are tremendous. You have a great bunch here. I don't say that with all states. Some states, I'm not so thrilled, but that's OK. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] and Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Where's Sarah? She's so good. She is so great, right? Proud of her. I saw her father the other day.
I served on a panel with him. And I said, "You know, Mike, I think you're great." You know, he endorsed me when I was running. He gave me a four-page endorsement, and I think the endorsement was put out before I finished my speech. And I said, you know, "You're great." He said, "Well, I'm proud of you. Appreciate that. But my daughter is far greater."
How about that? Is that nice? My daughter is greater, he said. And he's not a man without an ego, I will tell you. Right, Sarah? But he said, my daughter is greater. That's beautiful. That's a beautiful thing that he said. He's an incredible guy. And Doug Burgum, who has become one of the real stars of the party.
And, Kathryn, stand up. I first noticed Doug by looking at Kathryn. She was riding a horse in an ad. I said, "Who the hell is that?" But I don't look anymore. No, beauty doesn't mean a damn thing to me anymore. It doesn't mean anything, but I did notice it was a woman. And to the left, there was a man riding, but I didn't notice him so much.
But it was this couple. And, you know, the ad, I'm trying to be -- it was beautiful. It's like the most beautiful -- he looked like the Marlboro man, whatever happened to him. But what a combination. And he's become one of the most successful governors. What he's done with the fracking and with the oil and gas and everything, he's become something special.
He's done a great job. Thank you both very much for being here. Appreciate it. And former congresswoman and Democrat candidate for president, who did very well. She's -- I watched her for a long time. She's a woman of incredible intelligence, but maybe more than anything else, unbelievable common sense and very, very special.
She just joined the Republican Party, by the way. She was an independent for years. Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi, thank you. And a man who's very special with a great talent, he was the ambassador to Germany. And I'll never forget when I took him out. The happiest person in the world was Angela Merkel. When Ric Grenell was taken out, this was the best day in Angela's life.
He was our -- he was not your typical ambassador. He was somebody who would say, "This is no good what's happening." And actually, it was a love-hate. They really loved him, but they said he's a smart one. He was wise to what they were doing. Ric Grenell. Where is Rick? Thank you. Thank you, Rick. And a woman who ran a very good race.
It was a hard race because, you know, she believes in things that -- and she believes in them very strongly. And I say you always have to stick with your beliefs. It's very tough. I told her. It's very tough. But she's a hell of a woman. She had a father who I knew. He was a steel man. He was in the steel business.
He was thankful when I put the tariffs on because we saved the steel industry. And he was a real pro. He passed away, but he was a great guy. But he'd be very proud of his daughter. His daughter is an incredible woman. Tudor Dixon. Thank you, Tudor. Thank you. We miss your father, right? He was -- what a great guy he was.
And then, we have a woman who drives extremely fast. She can drive a car. And, you know, just very successful, won races, but she's very successful. It takes tremendous courage and strength and everything else. It takes everything. I think driving those cars at 220 and 240 miles an hour. Boy, you got to be brave.
Probably have to be a little bit crazy, Danica Patrick, right? You have to be a little crazy, right? But it's Danica. Such an honor to have you involved, Danica. Such an honor. She's so smart. We were talking about -- I'm just -- I just can't believe it. How -- I was asking her questions on the plane over about -- how do you do it? How do you do it? Because, you know, they had me in one of these cars that start the race.
And I'm sitting in the car, and we're going like 60 miles less than what you travel at. I'm saying to the driver, "Are you OK?" He was OK. But it's an honor to have you involved. You're really special, a really incredible athlete. She's an incredible athlete. And another person that was very honest and very talented and doing an incredible job, but she was extremely honest.
And sometimes you can be honest and it doesn't work out, but it's actually worked out really well because she's doing phenomenally. Well, better than before. Sage Steele. Thank you very much, Sage. And Michigan Republican Party Chairman Pete Hoekstra. Now, I told Pete -- I've known Pete for a long time.
He was very, very successful at everything he did. And he was an ambassador. He was one of the best. And I said, "Pete, you got to come in and run the party. You got to do it for me." And it was not that easy. He has a lot of options. And he came in. And, I mean, I think we're going to have a great result later.
But Pete came in and ran the party. And I'll tell you, it is so organized. It's so professional. I think we're going to win. I mean, I think we're going to win in Michigan, seems to be. We can't let them forget that I stopped that big Chinese plant in Mexico, Pete. Put that on top. But, no, that was the thing.
Nobody else would do that. I did it without being president. They just said, oh, but they know it's not going to be easy for them. They won't -- let's put it this way. If they built it, they're going to lose. they're ass, OK? So, I want to thank you, Pete. You've done incredible. And a man who I fell in love with, actually, he's an autoworker and a union guy, but he saw what was happening.
He saw the -- look, I mean, you take a look at this area and go back 50, 60 years. It's been just a downward trend. It looks like -- do you ever see a chart? It's like -- right, Brian? It's like just a downward, like a sliding ramp. Brian Pannebecker from the Auto Workers for Trump. Brian, come up here for a second.
Come here. I got to see it. I love this guy. I want to have -- I always wanted arms like him. He's got that biggest, meanest arms. They look like what grabs that rocket. He could grab the rocket. Tell them a little bit about what you see going on. And I tell you, he's just an incredible guy. Thank you.
Thank you, Brian. Great guy. Great guy. You're a great guy. I appreciate that support. I appreciate that support. Thank you very much. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] It's terrific. You gave us a beauty there, didn't you, huh? He's a worker. Michigan Senate Republican leader, Aric Nesbitt.
Aric, thank you very much. Great -- great job. You're doing beautiful. And Michigan House Republican leader, Matt Hall. Tremendous guy. The great Steve Witkoff, great businessman, the most generous person I know. He gives a lot of money. Every time there's a hurricane, he wants to give money, and he's just great.
And Howard Lutnick, he's working along with my children and Linda McMahon, who's fantastic, and they're working on transition. But I said, "Don't worry about transition. Let's win this thing first. OK? We'll work on transition." But he's one of the most respected people on Wall Street. He rebuilt his firm after it was taken out of the World Trade Center by that horror show act.
Long ago now, but it's still very emblazoned in all of our minds. But so, Howard, thank you very much. Howard Lutnick, thank you very much. And my great children. Should I have them come up real fast? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK. Don, Eric, Tiffany, Lara, Michael, come on up here. And we have Ivanka at home, sitting home, watching every second of it.
And we have Barron, my beautiful boy Barron. He knows more about computers than anybody. I closed up his computer. He said, "Dad, I'll take two minutes to figure that out." And all of a sudden, the damn thing opened up. I said, "Barron, you got to turn it off." "OK, watch me." If I turn it off, it's no way.
I put a separate code in. He's operating his computer. He's operating it two minutes later. So, this group here, they are so committed. They didn't have to do this. I guess we all didn't have to do it, but we have to because they want to see our country be so great and so strong and so respected again.
When people laugh at -- they're laughing at our leaders. We have a guy who can't walk, he can't find the stairways. Look, there's about six of them up. He finishes his speech, he can't find the stairways. And she's worse than him. You see what's going on. Did you see her tonight screaming, "We're going to win, we're going to win."
And she's screaming, and it's like 100 people going, "What the hell is wrong with her?" But these people are behind me. I love them, but they are really special. They're very talented people [Audience responds affirmatively] and every one of them. Maybe I'll ask Lara to start and say a couple of words.
Could I do that? She is -- she's the chairman of the party. Comes from North Carolina. I wanted her to run for the Senate. There was -- nobody could have beaten her. But she said, "You know, I have a great husband, and I have beautiful kids, and I really want to focus on them for a little while," because she's been working hard.
And she would have been great. And I said, "Who do you like?" And they said, "Ted Budd." And I went to Ted, I said, "Ted, do you like it?" He said, "But I'm not going to run if Lara runs." I said, "Well, she wants you. She likes you a lot." And he's become a great senator. But she could have -- but then she becomes like the chairman along with Michael Whatley.
Is Michael Whatley here someplace? Yes? And I wanted -- the mayor of Hamtramck is here. Come here. I didn't see you. I see you. This is -- come -- you got to come up here, please. This guy has been with us almost from the beginning. He is -- I'm so glad we got to see you -- hi, Michael.
Come here. He has been an unbelievable unifier. This is one of the greatest men in your state, and I want to just thank you. Come here, say a couple of things.
[Audience chants "USA."] Great guy. He's a great man. And I'll tell you, you have hundreds of thousands of people that follow, and that could be a very big difference. They are -- the Democrats are not happy about this. This was supposed to be their vote, and they're not at all happy. But really, a great, great, great young guy.
He's a young guy. And, wow, what a leader. So, thank you very much. If we win this state, you're going to be very responsible for it, too. And I think we will. And tonight, I got -- you know, I did a thing a couple of weeks ago with a very smart guy and very special -- and a very special talent. He's got the No.
1 podcast they say by, like, four times, [Audience responds affirmatively] Joe Rogan. And a lot of people thought they loved that. It was three hours. Oh, it was so terrible because I did it. And I said, "Joe, I got a rally of this size waiting for me in a very faraway place. I'm going to be very late, like two and a half hours late."
But we kept talking. It went three hours and 15 minutes or something. Then, when I got up there, it was cold, a little bitter, and everybody waited. Nobody left. And I explained to them, "Look, Joe is the No. 1 guy." He kept me late. But I'm doing it because we have to win. And not one person was unhappy.
We had a great time. And I said, we're going to devote a lot more time. It was pretty late at night. It was worse than this, OK? I can tell you. But Joe Rogan just announced -- and he doesn't do this at all. I don't think he's ever done it. But he just announced that he's giving me his complete and total endorsement. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Did you know that? Wow. So, Lara, would you say a few words, please?
Thank you, guys. Today, when you wake up with not very much sleep, you got to get to the polls. You got to bring your friends and your families and your loved ones, and we have to make it too big to rig. Guys, it's simple. It's a unique election. You've lived under both candidates. People like to pretend like it's not the Harris-Biden regime that has destroyed your American dream, our country, our economy, the entire world, and Western civilization.
Well, you guys, starting right now, it's on you to reclaim what is yours, your country. It would be an honor for me, for you guys, to show the same amount of resolve that this man showed on July 13th when he took a bullet to the face and came back defiant. You guys take that attitude to the polls, to your text messages, to your friends.
If you've early voted, drive everyone you know to the polls. That resolve is what kept us at peace. That resolve is what made trade deals. That resolve's going to save America, and it's going to put America first again once and for all. So, guys, now -- now, it's up to you. You make our country proud like he makes us proud each and every day.
Let's get it done, America. Let's get it done, Michigan. Let's go.
Thank you very much. They're my kids. But I'll tell you, they're very good people. They're good people. They're great people that love our country, and they're working -- they don't have to do this. They don't have to do this. So, in conclusion, with your vote, we are going to fire Kamala, and we're going to save America.
We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Michigan. And a lot of it will be using my favorite word. My favorite word, tariff. [Audience responds affirmatively] One of the things I'm going to do, I'll give you this as a little insight.
I just announced it in Pittsburgh. I didn't think I'd ever -- it's become a very big story already. So, we're going to tell Mexico, you're killing tremendous numbers of our people by allowing China to send their fentanyl through your system and through your country. And we're going to give them a little period of time.
But we don't want drugs coming across our border or any border. And whether it's Mexico or Canada or wherever -- because they're starting now in Canada, they're starting to go up north. But whether it's Mexico or Canada, we're going to explain to them quickly that if you allow fentanyl and these drugs to come through through your country, we're going to charge you large-scale tariffs on everything you send into the United States.
They're making a lot of money in the United States. They couldn't exist without us. So, we're going to do that. And we're going to tell China that if you continue to send fentanyl to Mexico or any place else that comes into our country, we're going to charge you a 25 percent tariff on everything you sell into the United States of America.
We're not going to let -- we can't let them -- and you've never heard that from anybody but me. And I've had it in my mind for a long time, but I didn't want to tell these guys about it because they'd only screw it up like they do everything else. But I say it now because now -- because now, we have the election coming up in a matter of hours, hours, hours.
We're not going to let them destroy our country. Most of our crime -- probably 60 percent of our crime is caused by drugs. People that are taking drugs, they cause tremendous amounts of crime. If we didn't have that, you'd see crime rates plummet. But, you know, the sad thing is that crime is plummeting all over the world because they're sending their criminals, they're sending their gang members, they're sending their drug dealers, they're sending their mental patients from all of these institutions.
They're sending them into our country. And then, they're opening up. Oh, we're sending them back. Don't worry about it. [Audience responds affirmatively] They're opening up their prisons and they're dumping their prisons. All their prison population, Venezuela, they're way down. Their crime rate went way down because they're taking all of their criminals and terrorists and all of the people that are causing all the problems.
And then, on top of it, they're emptying their jails out into the United States through this very stupid person's open border. I don't know what they're thinking about. But they -- maybe they hate our country, or maybe they want to get people registered to vote. Who the hell knows? But we're not going to allow it.
It's going to stop immediately, day one. We're going to build America, we're going to buy America, and we will hire America. I will end the war in Ukraine. Would have never started if I were president. You know, we got more votes. We did great in 2016. We did better in 2020. We got more votes in 2020 than any president by millions, any president in the history of our country.
And because of that, I said, I'll sit back and I'll watch. And if they do a bad job -- I didn't need this, let me tell you. But if they do a bad job, I'm going to run because of how well we did. And if they do a good job -- I would actually prefer that they did a great job. If they did a great job, I would say that's a great thing.
But, I mean, he's the worst president in the history of our country. She's the worst vice president, and she got no votes. You know, they like to see -- they like to say -- they like to say to me, "That's not the democratic way to go." You know, it's a lot -- it's just a terrible thing. It's not a -- it's just a terrible thing, what's going on in this country.
But -- so I sat back and I watched, and I saw all the horrible things that were happening. And you know what they are. And maybe the worst was what they've done with inflation. But I actually think the worst is what they've done with their border because we're -- they're destroying our country. We're going to turn it around.
We're going to change it really fast. We're going to have the greatest country we've ever had. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. It would have never happened again. Israel would have never been attacked on October 7th. And I will prevent World War III from happening. I know all the players. And it's a very good chance that it will indeed happen.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. They gave so much of it away to Afghanistan. It's so crazy. I rebuilt our military. We will build a missile defense shield around our country, all made in the USA, and much of it made right here.
And Ronald Reagan wanted to do it many years ago, and he really was right. Other than we did not have the technology I've led, we didn't do it. But now, we can shoot a needle out of the air. We could shoot a little pin out of the air. It's incredible technology, our technology. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, which is in terrible shape, with graffitis on the beautiful, incredible marble columns and painting the lions and burning the American flag.
What they did a month ago was terrible. [Audience boos] But we're going to make our cities safe and clean and beautiful again. We'll work with Democrat governors and mayors. We'll probably have to, and that's OK. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech. And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms our Second Amendment. [Audience responds affirmatively]
And after years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we will finally be going to build up our borders, build up our country, and build up and protect our citizens. It's time. It's called America first. We're going to put America first. We put America last.
They put America last. We put America first. And it doesn't mean we're into isolation. We're not. We're going to help the world, but we have to straighten ourselves out, or we won't be able to help anything. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied.
We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again, and that will take place rapidly. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with the opportunity and hope and hope. Maybe, above all, the American Dream will be back. It's going to come back.
We're bringing it back for your children. And we're bringing it back for yourselves. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop the radical left agenda with a landslide victory that is too big to rig. Too big. The silent majority is back. And tomorrow, you need to get out and vote.
We have a silent majority, but we're just sort of speaking up. This has shown that the level of enthusiasm is five times greater than their level. They have no level of enthusiasm. They don't believe in her. They know she shouldn't even be running. They are, as they say, a threat to democracy. What they've done is a threat to democracy.
They stole the presidency away from a very angry man. I watched him last night. He's a very angry man. I'm convinced that he likes me more than he likes Kamala. I'm convinced. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It was the hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And tomorrow, it is the hardworking patriots, meaning today, like you, who are going to save our country. After all, we've been through, and we've been through a lot together. We've gone through these rallies.
Almost everybody is here. I have people that have been to more than 300 rallies. They're here tonight. They were at the one this morning and the one tonight. They actually missed two of them. I can't even believe it. But these are incredible people and incredible patriots. But we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
With your help, we will restore America's promise that we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win.
November 5th today will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Bobby Kennedy Jr.
We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Great again."] [Audience responds affirmatively] I love you.
I love you all. God bless you. God bless you, Michigan. God bless the United States of America. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Great honor. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, everybody. And I have to begin by saying 250 million Americans are not garbage. [Applause] This week, Kamala has been comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. And now, speaking on a call for her campaign last night, Crooked Joe Biden finally said what he and Kamala really think of our supporters.
He called them garbage. No way. No way. [Audience boos] And I actually mean it, even though, without question, my supporters are far higher quality than Crooked Joe or Lyin' Kamala. Higher quality, higher quality. My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans.
It's true. You can't be president if you hate the American people, which I believe they do. And Kamala Harris is not fit to be president of the United States. In no way is she fit. She doesn't have the intellect, the stamina, or that special quality that real leaders, people like Brett Favre have. They don't have it.
They don't have it. They don't have what he's got. Few people do, to be honest with you. Joe Biden's comments were the direct result of Kamala's decision to portray everyone who isn't voting for her, which is a lot of people, as evil and subhuman. And we know it's really what they believe because look at how they've treated you.
They treat you like garbage. They treat our whole country like garbage, with open borders, with all of the horrible things they've done to hurt our country. Inflation that should have never happened, allowing Russia to go into Ukraine, October 7th, and Israel, all of these things would have never happened if you had a different president.
For the past nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racists, bigots, fascists, deplorables, irredeemables, Nazis, and they called me Hitler. [Audience boos] They bullied you. They've demonized us. They've censored us. They've deplatformed us. And they weaponized the power of our own government against all of us.
They've taken your money. They've thrown open your borders to criminals and terrorists. They've flooded your towns with deadly drugs and death. They're incompetent people. They've given your jobs to illegal migrants and sent our blood and treasure to fight in stupid foreign wars where the countries don't even know who we are and where we've never heard of the country.
This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare you are not going to take it anymore. [Applause] Six days from now, we can turn the page forever on this failed and corrupt administration. It's a corrupt administration. You do know that. We can declare once and for all that we are done with their hatred.
We're done with their hysteria. We're done with their hoaxing, lying, cheating, scheming, plundering, and stealing. Oh, they steal. They steal. We're not going to let them divide and destroy America any longer. What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition and the greatest political movement in the history of our country. [Applause]
It's made up of hardworking men and women who make this country run, who really built this country. Originally, we have brought together veterans and union members, soldiers, and steel workers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed. We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, and Arab Americans.
And we're uniting Christians and Jews, Catholics and Evangelicals, Muslims and Mormons, and everyone who simply wants to do one thing: make America great again. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Our campaign has been endorsed by the 400,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police and every single police group all around our country.
It's been endorsed by the Border Patrol. We have the greatest people, that Border Patrol. Those agents are incredible. They've given me the strongest endorsement you've ever heard. "The greatest president ever," they said. And they said, "She is the worst person we've ever worked for. She, in four years, never called us one time about the border. And it's destroying our country, the border."
So, I want to thank the Border Patrol. I want to thank ICE. I want to thank ICE. They're incredible people. We've been supported by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters, 62 percent. Think of that. By our beautiful and very brilliant Elon Musk. Do we love Elon? [Audience responds affirmatively] All I know is when that rocket ship came down last week, I said, "Oh, this is going to be terrible. It's going to crash. Look. Oh, it's going to crash."
It was coming down this way. And then those jets kicked in. The fire was pouring all over the place. I said, "What's going on?" And all of a sudden, it started to be perfect, straight, dropped down. Then those arms grabbed it like you grabbed your little baby, grabbed it. And I said, "Who the hell pulled off that?" I thought it was a science fiction movie, actually.
I called up Elon. I said, "Elon, was that you?" He said, "That was me." I said, "That's why we love you, Elon." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No, they can't." "Can China do that?" "Nope, they can't." "Can the U.S. do it other than you?" "No, they can't." I said, "Well -- " Special guy, right? Special guy.
Special guy. [Applause] And we're endorsed also by a very brilliant and wonderful man, and it took a lot of courage for him to do this. As you know, their family is slightly Democrat for the last long period of time. RFK Jr., Robert F. Kennedy. And he's going to be with us, and he's going to make sure our food is safe, our people are safe, our women are safe. [Applause]
The only thing I don't think I'm going to have him get involved with too much is the liquid gold under our feet. I want to say, "Look, Bobby, we got a lot of liquid gold." And I like it better than he does. I'm going to give him a lot. Just take care of everybody's health, and he'll do a great job of it.
He's really a very special guy, special. And Tulsi Gabbard, respected by everybody. She just signed on and endorsed me and became a Republican. She just became a Republican. And another one is Buzz Aldrin. Now, I didn't realize this. I had respect for him for many years. Great astronaut, great person, highly respected.
And I said, "You know, he'd be good, but what's the big deal with Buzz?" They said, "Sir, he just endorsed you, and he's never done that before." Wow. I said, "I want to mention his name." And I want to give a special thanks to a man that you may not have heard of, Brett Favre, because -- [Applause] And his great family.
What a beautiful boy. What a beautiful family. But this is a special guy. Man, does he have a hand, you know? This guy shook my hand. His fingers are like sausages. No wonder he can throw the ball so hard. There was nobody like him, really. I've watched him throw those 500-yard games like it was nothing.
He was flinging it. He didn't throw it. He flung it, right? Thank you, Brett. What a great honor. What a great champion. What a great champion. And what a beautiful boy and family, incredible wife. Thank you, darling, very much. Great honor to have you. Thank you, Brett. And I came in. I went down the plane, and I'm watching, and I heard him get applause.
And I'm a little upset because I think he got bigger applause than me, and I'm not happy. He got bigger than me. Thank you, Brett. Thank you, everybody. Isn't it an honor to have him? That's unbelievable. [Applause] Kamala and Joe call all of us, and them, even them, garbage. I call you the heart and soul of America.
You are the heart and soul. You built our country, you know? You built our country. You built it far more than they built it, I can tell you that. You built it. And by the way, I want to thank all of our incredible sanitation workers all across America because they work hard. They really do work hard, and they do an incredible job.
And they don't get the credit they deserve like our police, like our firefighters, like so many others. They don't get the credit, but everybody knows we love them, and everybody knows they deserve the credit, and they will get the credit. And with us, we appreciate that. With the help of everyone here today on November 5th, we're going to bring back our country, and we're going to bring it to levels of greatness that nobody actually thought even possible.
We're going to do that. November 5th is going to be the most important day in the history of our country. I believe that because we are in a country right now that's in serious decline, and we're not going to let the country decline. We're going to -- we're in a failing country. We're in a country that's being laughed at all over the world by other leaders.
They laugh at our leaders. We're not going to let that happen anymore. That didn't happen four years ago. So, while we're running a campaign of solutions to save America, an America which they have virtually destroyed during their almost four-year period of rule, Kamala Harris, a very low-IQ individual, is running a campaign of hate, anger, and retribution.
She spends all of her time complaining about everything but does nothing about it. She talks about the border, but why didn't she do it three and a half years ago? She talks about all these things. We're going to help the environment. Why didn't she do it? We had the best environment. By the way, we had the cleanest water and the cleanest air at any time in recorded history.
She talks about what she's going to do about inflation, which has destroyed our senior citizens and our middle class, what they've done. You know, I had no inflation, and we had the best economy in history. That's a nice combination. But she did nothing about it or what she's going to get -- she's going to talk about how she's going to get the economy going.
Oh, I watched her last night. I watched her. "Oh, I'm going to get -- " She didn't say anything. She said, "I'm going to get the economy." But she didn't say how. I said how. I said, "We're going to bring companies in. We're going to protect those companies. They're going to take advantage of all of the things that we're doing. They're going to hire people at numbers that you wouldn't even believe. We're going to have hundreds and hundreds and even thousands of companies coming into our country."
And I will use a thing called the most beautiful word to me ever, ever. Not quite. Well, let me say this. How about third? Let's put religion No. 1 and love No. 2. And then we'll put the word tariff No. 3. Tariff. [Applause] They're going to have to pay us to come in and use our wealth and take our jobs and do what they've done.
But nobody ever did that except me. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars. They weren't happy, but I still got along with them very well. And then COVID came, and I wasn't happy. That was a bridge too far. But we're the greatest economy in the history of our country. We took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China and others.
And we were just getting started. But remember this. Kamala and Crooked Joe head up the worst administration in the history of our country by far. He's the worst president in the history of the USA, and she is, by far, the worst vice president in the history of the USA. Remember, five months ago, they said, "You couldn't even think about using her. She's grossly incompetent."
Right? Then, all of a sudden, they wanted to get politically correct, and they chose her above 12 other people that, frankly, were much more capable. But what they did to Biden -- and I'm no fan of his, but you know what the rumor is? He likes me more than her. Can you believe that? He likes me. He likes me more. [Applause]
But their administration makes Jimmy Carter's administration look absolutely brilliant. And in all fairness to Jimmy, he didn't let 21 million people pour into our country with thousands and thousands of criminals and murderers and drug dealers, people from mental institutions. They're emptying out -- think of this.
They're emptying out mental institutions from all over the world, from the Congo in Africa. They're all over the world, from Asia, from the Middle East, from South America. They're emptying their jails. Think of that. They're emptying their jails. They're emptying their mental institutions and insane asylums into the United States of America.
And these two stupid people allow it to happen. Thirteen thousand-plus murderers. Many of them committed more than one murder. And they're walking around in our country, free and clear to kill again. And they will. They'll kill many times. [Audience boos] And last night, Kamala made a speech with a lot of paid audience.
They had a lot of paid audience. They came in buses, the same buses, all those same buses. You know what that means. They bus people in. We didn't bus any people in here. We could have sold this place out four times. [Applause] No, they come in. They bus them from someplace. They pay them or something.
They bus them in. Every bus -- beautiful bus company, I will say. They did a nice job, bus after bus. And then they leave. They leave before she finishes. But listen, the worst was, though, four nights ago, they got Beyonce. Oh, Beyonce. They got Beyonce. [Audience boos] They said, "Ladies and gentlemen -- " They said, "Beyonce is coming to sing."
And she came, but she didn't sing. And then Kamala came on as Beyonce was leaving without singing even one song, and they booed the hell out of both of them. [Applause] But we don't need Beyonce. We don't need anybody. All you got is me, and I don't have a guitar. I do not have a guitar. But if you look outside, you could have sold this big arena out four times.
And at Madison Square Garden the other night, you could have sold that great, incredible -- look, Madison Square Garden, MSG, the greatest. I think the greatest, right? It's got to be. It's mecca for the great championships. In the history of Madison Square Garden, they told me -- Jim Dolan, everybody, they're fantastic, the job they did for us Sunday night.
They said, "You could have sold this thing 10 times. We've never seen -- " In all of those years, they had crowds of people. And I don't mean lines. I mean massive groups of people all the way back down to the Hudson River. We could have sold it out 10 times. And that's just based on what we're saying.
But she spoke last night, and it was boring as hell, but I have an obligation to watch it, you know, because she's our competition. We have to win. We can't take any -- they would destroy this country. If they won this thing, they would destroy -- you'd have 300 million people coming through, not just 21.
Can you imagine? Open-borders policy for the entire world, for every criminal in the world. But she talked last night, and all she talked about was Donald Trump.
[Applause] And that's all she talked about because she and Joe have absolutely no achievements. They only have failure and gloom and death. And death. Look at the death they've caused in Afghanistan. Look at that. Look at the death they've caused at our border. And you'll see that. You'll see that. What they've done, they've been so bad.
We have to get them the hell out fast. She suffers from a very serious disease known as Trump Derangement Syndrome. But many Democrats do. And you know why they do? Because we're winning. We're winning. We are winning. [Applause] So, this Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough.
You can't take it anymore. "You're the worst vice president. You're the worst border czar. There's never been anybody bad like you. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. Get out of here." [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. So, this outfit, you know, is -- when they -- when he called us all garbage, how stupid.
What a stupid word. That blows deplorable away, don't you think? Of course, I thought irredeemable when she said deplorable or irredeemable. I thought irredeemable was actually worse, but deplorable seemed to catch on. But this garbage stuff blows it away. So, I'm in this beautiful plane. I'm enjoying myself.
I have a wonderful suit on. And one of my people came in and said, "Sir, you know, the word garbage is the hottest thing right now out there, the hottest thing out there. Sir, would you like to drive a garbage truck?" Now, we're about, you know, 30 minutes from landing. We had to do this pretty quick.
I said, "It's sort of cool, though, isn't it?" Because, you know -- and I said, "You know, I think that's OK, but, you know, I don't feel comfortable wearing a suit." And they pulled up this garbage truck. I don't know how the hell they did it so fast. I have very capable people. They put a big sign on the truck.
Did you see it? I think they showed it to you. And then they said, "Sir, we have a vest." I said, "Wow. Should I leave my suit on and put it over the vest?" But that doesn't look very good, right? That doesn't look good. So, I said, "All right, look, let me take it off." And then I actually said -- I climbed into the truck, but here's the -- so I said, "How the hell do you get into this truck?" It's way up high.
It's a big one. This was a beauty. I said, "You didn't have to buy it that big, right? You have to get it that big?" They brought this brand-new, gorgeous truck. Wonderful driver. He looked like Cary Grant in his prime. You know who that is? This beautiful driver. And he drove that big thing up. And I said, "Man, this is bad because now I have all the cameras that are all watching."
Look. Look at all the fake news. They were -- most of them -- [Audience boos] No, most of them, many of them were there, and I'm saying, "Oh, boy." You know, one little mistake with these guys, and your political career is over. You can't even -- so I said, "Man, if I don't get up there, this is going to be very embarrassing."
These stupid people, they'll say, "He's cognitively and physically impaired." And I can't do that when I'm alongside of this great athlete. I got to get up to that. So, look, so the stair -- the first stair is, like, up here. I'm saying, "Shit." So, I had the adrenaline going, and I made it. [Applause] I made it.
And then I gave a little news conference from the front of the -- you know, they ask their wise-guy questions and everything. And then we drove about two feet. I got out, got in the car. And then I got in the car, and I'm driving over here, and I have this still on. And I come into the arena, and I say, "Where's my jacket? I want to get out of this stage."
And they said, "It would be unbelievable if you could wear it on stage." [Applause] And I said, "No way. I got 25,000 people standing outside. I got all these people here. There's no way I'm wearing it on stage." They said, "Oh, OK, sir." I said, "Get me my jacket." "But if you did, you know, it actually makes you look thinner."
I said, "Oh." And they got me. I said, "I want to wear it on stage." When they said I look thinner, I said, "In that case, I'll wear it on stage." I may never wear a blue jacket again. I may go -- I may go in the -- they said that. That was my -- that was the word. That was the key. "Sir, you look thinner."
So, anyway. So, we had a little fun about a very serious subject. We had a little fun about a time where our country is not having a lot of fun because we're not doing well as a country. But we're going to be doing well very shortly, I promise you that. [Applause] And I guess you've been reading and seeing the news.
It's big stuff. That's all they talk about now is the election. Boy, six days, five days. But we've set an all-time record in early voting, and the Republicans have set the highest record. They've never even come close. And for you that want to know, tomorrow is the last day for you right here. We've been doing great.
This is a great state. This has always been good. Remember this. When you're getting ready to pull that lever, I gave you a boat contract just before I left. And this contract -- you know where, right? I gave you -- correct. I gave you -- and you're building the most beautiful boat. And I'll tell you what.
You're doing a great job. They're doing a great job. But everybody in the country wanted that contract. It's a big Navy contract, like 28 ships. They're really like yachts. They're like beautiful yachts with a lot of guns on them, a lot of guns and weapons. And I -- you know, I'm a very -- I'm a guy.
I love beauty. Oh, I love beauty. So, I took that ship, and I designed the bow a little bit differently. I said, "No, it's got to have more of a point." It was like -- and they were great, and they're building it. And it's been so successful. It's the most beautiful thing. But I took a lot of heat from other states because they -- everybody wanted that contract, one of the biggest contracts we've given out in a long time for ships.
And they're doing a great job. But you better remember, Wisconsin, I gave it. I gave it to you. I wanted to give it to you. [Applause] No, I'm a very visual person. You know, I'm very visual. I don't know if that's good or bad, but I can't help that. And I sort of wanted to redesign it a little bit, and we did.
And they were great. They said, "Well, that's good." And then they looked. They said, "You're right, this does look better." It's gorgeous. It's really good. So, tomorrow is the last day to request a mail-in ballot, and you still have a few more days to do early in-person voting. But the main thing is to get everyone out and vote, vote, vote.
We're going to vote, vote, vote. [Applause] And, you know, we've had tremendous crowds. I've been up here probably four or five times already. You got me working, Wisconsin. I mean, what the hell do I need this for, right? Do I need this? If it wasn't for Brett, I would not have done this, OK? No, but look, look, I've been up here four or five times.
We had one area, a small area, a beautiful area, actually but small, and they wouldn't give us enough Secret Service. We had 71,000 people. We ended up in a room with 900. So, we have 71,000 people. You saw that about a month ago, 71,000 people. I had a room like a basketball court for 900 because they don't want to take care of us.
But it's been getting better and better. It's a little dangerous being president, I will tell you. This is a -- I didn't think about that. But I could tell the story that a racecar driver -- you know, a racecar driver, one percent of one percent, right? One-tenth of a percent but one percent of one percent, very little.
Bull riders, I think that's a slightly dangerous profession, a little bit more than a racecar driver but very little, much less than 1 percent. A president, I don't want to tell you the percentage, but this is a very dangerous profession. And if I had to do it again, I would have done it every single time because we're going to make America great again. [Applause]
And if we win Wisconsin -- I don't know if you know. It's very important. You're a very political state, actually. But if we win Wisconsin, we win the whole thing. We're going to win the whole thing. And we've always done well up here, so it's great. And we love it. And we love being here, actually. So, together, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to win back that beautiful White House.
And it's going to happen very quickly. And if you think of it, Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation in the history of our country. She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices, and now Kamala wants to raise the typical family's taxes by $3,000 a year.
Congratulations. [Audience boos] But if I win, we will rapidly defeat inflation, and I will make America affordable again. We're going to make it affordable. We're going to bring those costs down. They call it groceries. Bacon, lettuce, tomato, everything is so much higher than it ever was. And we're going to bring that down, and we're going to do it very simply.
We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring the energy down, and everything is going to come down. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses all over the country. And we're going to have something that really has turned out to be quite good. You know, in Nevada, we're winning.
In Arizona, we're winning by a lot. We just got to -- in -- I won't tell you which ones, but in certain states, they've already pulled their advertising because they don't want to waste it. We're so far ahead. We're so far ahead. We're so far ahead. So, we're going to get the taxes down for -- and she's raising your taxes.
Remember that. Everything she says is a lie. She lies. If I say -- look, you all know I'm a big fracker, OK? I never said we won't frack. I'm a driller, and I'm a fracker. She's not a fracker. She has a commercial that says, "He doesn't want to frack." It's the exact opposite. Boy, what liars. I've never had -- even Crooked Hillary wasn't this dishonest.
And she was damn bad, but she wasn't dishonest like these people. Well, I think they're desperate. They said things -- I see these ads. It's the exact opposite. It's like her policies used to be before she changed them. She changed 15 different policies. You know, if you're a politician, you might get away with one, but 15 policies.
She loves transgender operations all over the place. Everybody should have one. [Audience boos] She loves men playing in women's sports. Isn't that great? [Audience boos] And she loves open borders where people can pour into our country. [Audience boos] But now, she's changed that about a year ago. She changed it.
And so good, in fact, I think I'm going to send her your MAGA hat. Can I have your MAGA hat? Are they the greatest? Is that the greatest? It's like a sea of red, except for Elon. Elon had the black hat, right? And I didn't even know we had a black hat. And he shows up in a black hat, Make America -- and the letters were black.
It was very subdued. And I said, "Elon, where'd you get that hat?" He said, "It's Dark MAGA." He called it Dark MAGA. And he wore it. He wore it to Butler. He wore it in Pennsylvania, one of the great nights. We had 107,000 people show up for Corey, the firefighter. Butler, PA. And Elon wore it. And he had such a good -- you know, he spends all the time in these labs and stuff.
It's like crazy. And when he got out, he said, "I've never seen anything like this." He had the black MAGA hat on. Here's the good news. I sold 10,000 of those hats over the next -- I didn't even know we had black hats. We sold 10 -- there was a run on Black MAGA, Dark MAGA. And Byron liked it, too, didn't you, Byron, huh? Byron liked it.
Byron looked beautiful in it, huh? He looks good in anything. So, that was something, I'll tell you. But that was a beautiful -- that was an incredible salute to somebody that deserved it, a big Trump fan. And we raised him a lot of money, too. We raised the family a lot of money because he deserved it.
We -- oh, we have a man tonight. Maybe I'll introduce him really fast, just fast. He's a friend of mine, very successful guy. And I've known him for a long time. He's a member of a place called Mar-a-Lago. Nobody has ever heard of it. But he said, "Sir, do you mind if I give some money to the widow of Corey, the firefighter?" I said, "Absolutely, you should."
Because Corey had a great career, but it's not exactly -- the money doesn't exactly flow in, right? So, he hands me a check. And I didn't really look at it. I just put it in my pocket. Then I got back home, and I looked at it. $1 million. Dan, stand up, please. Stand up. What a nice thing. And then we raised another $4 million or $5 million for the family and also for the two gentlemen that took hard hits.
They took hard hits, too. They were -- the doctors were incredible up there. These guys took two hard hits. These were big Trump fans and MAGA fans, more than even Trump fans. And they know what we're doing is right, but boy, they got hit. But they were -- in fact, we thought we lost three people, and they made it.
And we're giving them something substantial, but we wanted to take care of them all. So, Corey was gone immediately, but it was amazing. But I want to thank you, Dan. That was really -- that was nice, Dan. [Applause] So, we're going to have -- in addition to taking care of our workers and lowering the taxes, we're going to also have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. [Applause]
And I'm going to support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of their parents or loved ones. And they deserve it, right? They deserve it. They're great. You know, if you didn't have people like that, you wouldn't have enough hospitals in this country. That's really -- they do a job that's incredible, and they do it out of love.
You don't have to worry about it. They do it out of love. So, we're going to work on a good tax credit for them. We're going to get it done, too. So, I will terminate the Green New Scam, and I will cut your energy prices in half. Within 12 months, your energy prices will be in exactly half, 50 percent, 50 percent, 5-0.
To bring back millions of jobs, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. It won't be that way for long if we have idiots running it. It won't be that way. But right now, we can say it.
But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. They're the only ones that can. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our now-protected companies.
We're going to protect these companies, so they don't leave us like they have been doing for 50 years. And we'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. That's if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax, then we will charge them a like 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax.
Called an eye for an eye. And you'll see everything just disappear. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth. [Applause]
Thank you. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Get out and vote. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. We're going to have a border -- we had the strongest -- oh, oh, wait, wait, wait. Bring down my all-time favorite chart. Bring it down. In history. I love that chart.
I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for that chart. If I didn't look over to the right, I wouldn't be here. I love that chart. Even if the numbers were lousy, I would love that chart. But the numbers are the best ever. So, the arrow, the big red arrow on the bottom, that arrow. [Audience member calls out "Trump, Trump, Trump"] That's an aggressive youngster.
He's going to go places. He's going to go places. But that's my last day in office, and you look at what's happened. That was an Elon rocket ship after that day. Look at -- look what happens to that chart. Look what happens to that chart. That was the lowest illegal immigration that we've had. All they had to do -- Biden, when he went to the beach, all he had to do is leave it alone.
We had Remain in Mexico. Nobody could come in. The head of Mexico, president, said to me, "Of course, we won't do that. No, no." I said, "You will do it. You will do it." He said, "No, no. We won't let them remain in Tijuana." Hundreds of thousands of people coming up, pouring through our borders with the past administration.
I said, "No, you're going to do it." He said, "I'm not going to do it." And we had a good relationship. I liked the guy. He was a socialist, but that's OK. And I said -- I said, "No, you're going to do it because if you don't do it, I'm going to put a 100 percent tariff on everything you're selling to us. And you're going to -- "
And he said, "What do you mean 100?" I said, "Well, I'll start off at 10. I'm going to raise it to 20, then 30, then 40, then 50, and I'll stop at 100. I promise. That's more money than anything you ever heard." And he said, "Donald, I would love to do as you request. I would love -- it would be my great honor to have a policy of Remain in Mexico."
Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people, the most egregious. It's disgusting what she did. She's violated her oath and eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of migrant gangs. They're waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens like we've never suffered before.
We've never had this before in our country. It's an invasion, ladies and gentlemen. It's an invasion. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums, and mental institutions all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo, including savage criminals who assault, rape, and murder our women and girls.
Anyone who would let monsters kidnap and kill our children does not belong anywhere near the Oval Office. [Applause] And my people told me -- about four weeks ago, I would say, "No, I want to protect the people. I want to protect the women of our country. I want to protect the women." "Sir, please don't say that."
Why? They said, "We think it's very inappropriate for you to say." I said, "Why? I'm president. I want to protect the women of our country." They said -- [Applause] They said, "Sir, I just think it's inappropriate for you to say." I pay these guys a lot of money. Can you believe it? And I said, "Well, I'm going to do it whether the women like it or not. I'm going to protect them. I'm going to protect them from migrants coming in. I'm going to protect them from foreign countries that want to hit us with missiles and lots of other things."
Remember, for four years, we had no war other than I defeated ISIS. But I inherited -- I've defeated ISIS. And I felt like Brett Favre. I defeated ISIS in four weeks instead of five years, which they said it was going to take, because we have a great military. We just didn't have any leadership at the top.
I mean, in the Office of the President or even close to it. So, I said, "I'm going to defend and I'm going to protect women. I'm not going to let people go up to the suburbs or go into places where they live, whether it's suburbs or cities or farms. We're going to protect our women at the border. We're going to protect our women. And also, we're going to protect our men and our children. We're going to protect everybody."
[Applause] Is there any woman in this giant stadium who would like not to be protected? Is there any woman in this stadium that wants to be protected by the president? [Audience responds affirmatively] I love these. You know, these women are from North Carolina. These women, they've been to 251 rallies.
Look how beautiful they are. And they're all happily married. They have beautiful husbands. I saw them once. But, you know, I never see the husbands. I only see them. Look at them. They travel all over the country. This is at least a pretty close one. This is -- I mean, they go to California. They're incredible women.
I think they have a good home life. I'm not exactly sure. No, their husbands are great, but I appreciate it. It's like 251. Can you believe it? And we have Front Row Joes here, too. They've been to like 400. We got a lot of -- it's good to see you. These are great people. They're patriots, I will tell you.
And they're very successful people, very successful people. And we have Mr. Wall here someplace. He's great. He has the wall. I'm going to use that suit someday when I come out. But he's -- and it's representative. We've built 571 miles of wall on the southern border. And Mexico paid for it by supplying us with soldiers free of charge, more money than -- because, technically, you can't get them to build a wall if you own the wall, which, unfortunately, we couldn't work out.
But I did better. We got their soldiers, and they protected us while we were building it. And they still protect us to a certain extent. So, I want to thank -- we've had a good relationship with Mexico, but they're going to have to do a better job. We're losing hundreds -- we're losing much more than 100,000 people a year to fentanyl coming in from China and then through Mexico.
We're going to talk to Mexico very early in our discussions. We're -- maybe, like, the first day, one of the very first calls I'm going to make because we cannot let fentanyl come into our country. We can't let it come in. And I'm talking to China, too. I'll call President Xi. We had a deal, President Xi and I, and then we had the whole thing come in with the China virus, right? But we had a deal with President Xi.
He was going to give the death penalty to anybody producing fentanyl and sending it into the United States. But of course, when Biden took over, they just -- it didn't mean anything. Just like the Abraham Accords. We had four countries. I would have had that filled. We would have had peace in the Middle East.
They didn't do anything. They just sat there with it. So, you know, we'll get it all taken care of as soon as we get in. But today, I want you to hear directly from a mother whose world was absolutely shattered. This is a sad thing. I've had it for one day. And everybody that's seen it, they end up crying.
Strong, tough guys, they end up crying. It's so sad. And it's emblematic of what's happening in our country. Thousands and thousands of people are being killed. This was a young, beautiful girl. Please watch.
[Applause] This is what we're letting into our country, and this is times thousands, all different forms, all different ages, but thousands and thousands of people are being killed and being mutilated. The day I take the Oath of Office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins.
Begins. [Applause] Thank you. The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing violent killing sprees all over America. They took over, as you know, in Colorado, Aurora, Colorado.
They took over a big section, apartment complexes and others, and they're all over the country. They're even in Times Square in New York City now, and we're getting them the hell out. Take a look.
This is what we're letting into our country with no control whatsoever. We have no idea who they are. They don't check them. There's no vetting. There's no nothing. They're coming in at levels that we've never seen before. Last month, I was in the beautiful small town of Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, where police arrested a Tren de Aragua gang member who crossed Kamala's wide-open border.
Come on in. And then came into your state and held a mother and daughter captive against their will and sexually assaulted them again and again and again and did great harm to both. Just last week, an illegal alien driving an SUV hit a 60-year-old retired Green Bay police officer as he was helping two drivers by the side of the road.
Instead of helping his critically injured victim, the illegal alien, who had a can of beer in his passenger seat and lots of cans of beer and plenty of other things in the car, got out of his car and ran away, leaving the retired policeman to die and bleed to death. We're praying for his family. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. [Applause]
November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. And on day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. We have no choice. It's not sustainable. For any country, it's not sustainable, what's happening to us. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered.
We are being invaded, and we are being conquered, just like it was a military operation. And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country very rapidly. To expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.
Can you believe? 1798. That's when we had people that wanted to protect their people. We have to go back a long way to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network and every single one of them operating on American soil. And there are many. There are many. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole.
And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. They'll be banned. With their open borders, they're going to destroy your Social Security and Medicare.
They're destroying your Social Security and Medicare. They are going to do it, and I don't think they care. But I'm going to save it all, and I'm going to, more importantly -- and most importantly, we're going to save our country. We're going to save our country. Kamala's gross incompetence -- her gross incompetence disqualifies her from being president of the United States of America.
She's incompetent. Everyone knows it. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. And to make her president would be a gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people. She would get us into a third world war. She doesn't know how to talk to these people. They would laugh at her.
They would laugh at her because she's so grossly incompetent to do the job. She's not going to be able to do the job. And then -- and everybody that knows her agrees. And five months ago, they said, "There's no way she could be running for president. She's incompetent." And then she runs because she's a member of this savage machine known as the Democrat Party. [Audience boos]
And then all of your sons and daughters will end up getting drafted to fight these endless wars that we've been in. I've gotten us out of so many. I was the only president, think of this, in 82 years, not to start a war. We dealt with peace through strength. Our enemies are laughing at her. If we win, America will be feared and respected again.
Fear is OK. On issue after issue, Kamala broke it, and I will fix it. I will fix it, and I'll fix it fast. On top of it all, Kamala says that she would not do one thing differently from Crooked Joe Biden, which in itself is disqualifying. I wouldn't do one thing differently. Take a look, please.
[Audience boos] And our country is rated 87% wrong track. You know what that means. Wrong track. We're in the wrong track. The country knows it. And that's why we should have absolutely -- nobody has ever had a score like that in one reelection. Nobody. Nobody has ever. And she's a part of Biden. Remember, she's trying to disassociate from him so badly.
She doesn't know what to do. She's torn. She doesn't know what to do. She's a part of that whole mess that we have in Washington. And I will tell you that if you want to end this disaster, you have to get out and vote. We all have to get out and vote, vote, vote. [Applause] I'm thrilled to be joined by all of these great people from the Green Bay Area, Wisconsin area.
And again, I want to thank Brett for being here and for giving me that really incredible tribute of an endorsement. I'm not going to ask him to come up. He made such a good speech. I watched it. Brett made such a good speech. I don't know if he could do that again. Brett, you did so good. I'd let you do it again, but I think you hit it perfectly.
What do you think? We love you, Brett. Thank you. We love this guy. Man, he's something. Oh, that arm. What a player. What a great guy. I think he's beyond -- as a person, I think he might have been beyond what he was as a player, but that's pretty hard to do. Thank you very much, Brett. Great honor to your family.
Thank you. [Applause] We're also joined by Brett's incredible wife, Deanna. And -- oh, and that son is so good. He's a great soccer player, his son, Taylor. Thank you very much. Look at him. He's a little shy. He's a little shy. He's a good soccer player right here, who I think is just -- I mean, that's an incredible family.
As you know, she fought breast cancer. She won her battle. And she's been an inspiration. She's been an inspiration to everybody. You have been an inspiration. I've heard that. A lot of people, they said that. Thank you, Deanna. Beautiful. Thank you very much. Also with us is another Green Bay football phenom -- really, phenom running back.
You may know the name. Quadzilla, The Quadfather, AJ Dillon. I got to meet him backstage. Get healthy soon, AJ. Get healthy soon. Look at this guy. I met AJ backstage. I said, "This guy is a seriously good-looking athlete." We're going to watch you get better soon. You're going to be in good shape, I think, I hear.
Great. Thank you, AJ, very much. [Applause] I'd also like to thank a friend of mine for being just a great senator. Very simple. And he's just a fantastic person, Ron Johnson. Senator Ron Johnson. Great. He's great. And a future great one. He's going to work together. What a tandem. Eric Hovde. And he's doing terrific.
Eric, you are doing -- you are doing well. Well, here's my complete and total endorsement. And you're doing well. I see you're up in the polls, like winning. You're winning. That's what we want. That's the guy. Tammy Baldwin is terrible, by the way. [Audience boos] And a friend of mine, he said a long time ago, "Sir -- " 2016.
He said, "Sir, don't come up here, sir. You can't win here. You can't win. It's a tough state. Don't come on." Tommy Thompson, right? "Don't come up, sir." And I said, "What do you mean, Tommy?" "Just don't come up. Look, if anything changes, I'll let you know, and you'll come up. But don't waste your time. You have to win other states."
This is 2016. I was sort of insulted, but I figured, "What the hell? Who knows better than Tommy Thompson, right?" About four weeks later, I had a couple of good weeks. I get a call. It's Tommy Thompson. "Sir, it's time for you to come up. Get up here quickly." And we won Wisconsin. Tommy Thompson. You remember that, Tommy? You remember that? [Applause] You remember that, Tommy? He didn't want me to come up.
And he says, "Sir, get your ass up here, sir. You're doing good." That's great, Tommy. Thank you. You've been a great friend of mine, actually. And we're doing well now. We're really rocking here, right? We're doing well. Thank you very much. All of you, thank you very much. And how's Majority Whip -- a highly respected man, a powerful man in Washington but respected by everybody, Tom Emmer from Minnesota.
Thank you. He's the Majority Whip, Majority Whip. That's big stuff. Thank you, Tom, very much. And Representatives Tom Tiffany, my friend, and Glenn Grothman. Thank you, Tom. Thank you, Glenn. Really great, great congressmen and warriors. They're both warriors. And we have another warrior, Byron Donalds.
He's my great warrior, too. [Applause] Great guy. All great people. Congressional candidate who's doing really well, Tony Wied. Thank you, Tony. Thank you, Tony. Tony, you're doing well. He's a winner. And my son-in-law, Michael, who's helped us so much in this campaign, he's been great. I want to thank him, and I want to thank his father and the chairman of the Wisconsin Republican Party, Brian Schimming.
Wow, have you been good, Brian. I got to watch his speech on the plane just coming in before I got into the garbage truck. I had a choice. Watch your speech -- I delayed the garbage truck. You were fantastic. Thank you. We're doing well. We're going to win, Mr. Chairman, right? We're going to win. We're going to win.
Thank you, Brian. Very good. Great job. So, just in conclusion, here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or even Pocahontas herself. Pocahontas. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement. And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day or one second is not worthy of being president of the United States of America. [Applause]
Kamala vowed to abolish ICE, our great ICE heroes. Say, we don't have ICE, so we don't get the tough ones out. These are tough people that love our country. They're incredible. And as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
Oh, that's nice. [Audience boos] She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give up that gun? I don't think so. [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. No more handguns. Let her explain that one. This woman, this woman should not be running.
By the way, she came in last. You know, she ran against Biden. She came in last, absolutely dead last. She got no votes. She got 14. Whether you like him or not, he got the nomination. They took it away from him like you take candy from a baby. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention.
And at taxpayer expense, by the way. [Audience boos] And she lied about working at McDonald's. I think that's a big thing, too. With your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we're going to save America. We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America.
And in fact, we're going to bring a lot of them right back to Wisconsin with all those jobs. We will build American. We will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never happened if I was president. It would have never. Vladimir would never have done that.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. All those people would be living today. And I will prevent World War III. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military.
We will build a missile defense shield all around our country, all made in the USA and a lot of it made right here. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., which is in horrible shape, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
And we will put in legislation anybody burning the American flag one year in jail. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools and fast. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech. And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms.
Your Second Amendment will be safe. [Applause] After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country. We're going to defend our borders. And we are going to protect our citizens. We are going to protect our land.
We are going to protect our country. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. [Applause] We are being invaded. It's incredible. Think of it. We're being invaded by massive numbers.
Very little difference between this invasion and the military. They don't wear a uniform. That's about the primary difference. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and loaded up with the good old American dream. We're going to have the American dream back.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda. And we have to have a landslide that is too big to rig. Got to make it a landslide. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. With your vote this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. [Applause] It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And six days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. You're going to save our country. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
We can do that. We can do that. It seems so unlikely. It seems unlikely, but we can do that. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in.
We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. [Applause] Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. We're going to turn things around, and together, we will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you, Wisconsin. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Wow. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. Wow. What a crowd this is. Look at this. These are incredible people. They're incredible people. Unbelievable. So many people outside would like to let them in. Would anybody like to give up their seat or their standing area? Well, a very special hello to Allentown, a great place.
And hello, Pennsylvania. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] But I'd like to begin with a very, very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans with your vote this election.
Oh, do I look forward to this election? Do we? We, I'm going to say we because we're going to do it as a group. Look, Mr. Wall over here, he is the greatest guy. I want to buy one of those suits. We will end inflation. We will stop the invasion of criminals into our country, and we will bring back the American dream.
We're doing it together, Pennsylvania. Our country will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, the worst administration in the history of our country. Jimmy Carter is a happy man.
Jimmy Carter looks like a brilliant, brilliant president by comparison. But whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country, we're going to turn it around, and we're going to turn it around fast. I'm asking you to be excited about the future again. You have to be excited about the future.
They've taken all that excitement away from you. They've embarrassed us. They've embarrassed us. Kamala has embarrassed us. She doesn't have what it takes. [Audience boos] I'm asking you to dream big again. You're going to dream big, and this is going to be a very special time. It's going to be America's new golden age.
We're going to make it a golden age. It seems impossible, doesn't it? Doesn't it seem impossible with these stupid people that we've had to put up with over the last four years? We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We were energy independent four years ago. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands.
It's in your hands. If we win Pennsylvania, we are going to win the whole deal. Got to do it. Next Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough. You're not going to take it anymore. "Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out of here. You're fired. You're fired. Get the hell out of here. You were a terrible VP, but you were an even worse border czar."
How about our border czar? [Audience boos] And Border Patrol last week endorsed me with the strongest endorsement they've ever given. And they said that she was unfit to run the borders. Can you imagine? I said, "How many times did she call you in four years?" Almost four years. They said, "She never called us once."
I said, "How about you?" "No, she never called any of us, sir. Never called us. She was the border czar, but she never called." She's incompetent. She's incompetent. We've set an all-time record in the early voting, by the way. So, if you have a mail-in ballot, get that damn ballot in, please, immediately because they've already started cheating in Lancaster.
They've cheated.[Audience boos] We caught them with 2,600 votes. Now, we caught them cold, 2,600 votes. Think of this. Think of this. And every vote was written by the same person. I wonder how that happened. Must be a coincidence. It must be a coincidence. And then, in York, I know York because I used to be a big weightlifter.
Then, after about three days, I decided to give it up. It wasn't for me. That's where they had all the weights, right? They had the weights. I built that room. I loved building it. I enjoyed it so much. Then we put the weights down and I said, "I don't like that. That's no fun." I like building the room.
I just didn't like lifting the weights. But New York, they had a great bodybuilder. This was the bodybuilding capital of the world, right? Isn't it? I wanted to be here as a contestant one day. I just didn't want to do the work. It's too much work. We had enough to do. But if not, get everyone you know to the polls on November 5th and you have to vote, vote, vote.
We got to vote. We got to get these people out of there. We got to vote fast. Today, they're busing people. They're in a place in Washington and they're busing. I got buses all up. They're busing people because they couldn't get anybody to show up for her tonight. I didn't bus anybody. You're all here.
This place is packed. She can't -- she can't get anybody. Three days ago, she said Beyonce was coming. So, people came to see Beyonce, but Beyonce went up, "Thank you very much everybody." And then she left. She didn't sing. And then, they all left. She was speaking to nobody. And they were booing the hell out of her, by the way.
And the fake news doesn't report those stories. [Audience boos] That's a lot. No, that's a lot. Look at that. See, we must be coming. That is a lot of fake news. When they lose their final ounce of credibility, they'll probably turn good again because they're losing so much credibility. Do you know when I first started running, their approval rating when I -- very -- the very beginning, before maybe I even started, it was like 92 percent favorable rating.
You know what it is now? Twelve percent. I drove it down like almost 90 points. I drove it down, numbers. I'm very proud of it. I've exposed them as being fake. But with your help, one week from today, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris and the media, and we're going to win back that beautiful, beautiful White House, and we're going to make America great again. [Audience member calls out "Make America great again."]
In less than four years, Kamala has shattered our middle class. You notice I don't mention Joe, crooked Joe. He's so crooked. It's hard to believe because they basically took the presidency away from me. They just walked up, said, "You're not running anymore." I don't use the word coup. It's too Frenchy-sounding for me, coup.
No, they just took it away. I like that better. They took it away. They walked in. They said -- no, he had a -- he had a rough debate. I would say it was rough. But after the debate, he went down very big, and, you know, he should have been allowed. He got 14 million votes. She got no votes. He was the first one -- look at that, Front Row Joe.
This guy. These guys are unbelievable. They follow me. They follow me all over the place. But he's in the second row. What the hell happened to you tonight? Front Row Joe is -- that's a big story. The press is going to get you. He is a great guy. They're patriots, the Front Row Joes and the ladies from North Carolina.
They've been here 259 times, and they're beautiful. They're beautiful. And we have Mr. Wall. I'm going to buy -- one day, I'm going to buy that suit. But I don't have that much time left because hopefully we're going to win and then we're not going to be playing games anymore. We got to straighten out our country.
So, we're going to be meeting but in a different forum. We're going to be meeting as they tell you how well we're doing, how we're winning. We're going to win big. We had the best economy in history. We're going to make it much better than even that. We're going to bring all these companies that left us because of stupid politicians on our side.
They allowed it to happen. They're all coming back. Either that or they're going to have to pay tariffs like they never had to even think about before. [Audience responds affirmatively] Kamala cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation of your lifetime. I believe it's the worst inflation in the history of our country because they don't show the real.
It's like -- did you see about a month ago, they came up with 818,000 jobs that were fake? They put them in. These are cheaters. And today, they got caught. Think of it. [Audience boos] They got caught cheating in Lancaster County. They got caught in New York. But think -- it's no different. Think of it.
They put in 818,000 fraudulent jobs. So, the job reports came out and said, "Oh, they're doing pretty good. That's good. That's good." And they weren't going to adjust. You know, you adjust when you find out that somebody was a fraud. You adjust. And they weren't going to do it until right after the election.
But we had a whistleblower that blew the whistle on them. [Audience responds affirmatively] Really dishonest. I always say we meet to decide where we're going to campaign, what we're going to say, how we're going to -- they meet, "How can we cheat?" This is their meeting. Because who the hell can win an election with open borders, transgender, everybody. [Audience boos]
Men playing in women's sports. No, think of it. Men -- allow millions of people through an open border, totally unvetted, totally unchecked. They come from parts unknown. They come from countries you've never even heard of. And then, you find out that they came from jails and mental institutions. No, no, they cheat like hell, and it's a damn disgrace.
So, we're going to get it straightened out. We got to get it straightened out. [Audience responds affirmatively] No, they caught -- in Pennsylvania, we haven't seen it elsewhere, but we've seen it. And by the way, just to feel good, I don't like to speak too early, but you have to get out and vote because we need -- we need that real -- we want a big beautiful number.
We are leading in every single swing state. Because normally, Republicans, they like to vote at the end. No matter what you say, they like to vote at the end. They like to be there on Tuesday where they can watch it actually go into that beautiful, often corrupt machine. No, we're going to get it straightened out.
Kamala costs a typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices because of their ridiculous inflation. [Audience boos] And listen to this, they killed 50,000 manufacturing jobs just this year alone. They're killing our country. And Scott Besson, one of the biggest and best, one of the most brilliant -- oh, look at that.
They know him. It's not a huge amount of people. It's pretty good. Whoa. Oh, wow. Scott Besson, he's one of the great Wall Street analysts, considered one of the best. He said, "The economy is no good, but the stock market is only going up for one reason because everyone thinks that Trump is going to win the election, and we're going to take it to new levels."
That's what he said. That's what he said. It's true. You want to see a market crash? If we lost this election, I think the market would go down the tubes. [Audience member calls out "God forbid."] Now, Kamala -- she says, "God forbid." I like you. Who are you? Stand up. I like this woman. Thank you. God forbid.
Thank you, darling. She's got a lot of spunk, doesn't she? Thank you, darling. I say if we lose this and she starts screaming, "God forbid." Do you think she's voting for Trump? I think so. Thank you. Thank you, darling. You are something. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] We have the greatest people, don't we? Greatest people.
The other day, Madison Square Garden on Sunday night, and we had them all. That was the greatest evening anyone's seen politically. I mean, Madison Square Garden is really big. It's big, and it's beautiful. And it's MSG and the Dolan family, Jim Dolan, they were so nice. They said they've never seen a crowd like this.
The thing went all the way back to the river. And I don't mean like single line or double, I mean massive amounts of people went back to the Hudson River. The love was unbelievable. We had Elon. We had incredible people. Elon has been -- Elon Musk has been campaigning every single day in Pennsylvania.
He's a great guy. You know where that rocket landed last week, I saw that rocket land. I say to this guy, "If that's his, I got to call him." I said, "Was that yours?" He said, "That was mine." That sucker came back down. I thought there was something wrong. I told people I was on the phone with somebody.
I put it down. I forgot about the guy. He was a very important guy. Forty-five minutes later, he is still holding. "Oh, you still holding?" I said, "I got to watch this. Excuse me." And I saw it come down, and it looked like in big trouble, right? It came down. It was all beautiful white when it lifted off, and now it's coming down.
It's dark black because of the heat, 10,000 miles. Think of that, 10,000 miles an hour as opposed to -- we drive at 50 or 60, right? Ten thousand miles an hour. The heat is so hot you couldn't even get near it. You couldn't touch it. It's coming down. And now, it's baked. Totally different-looking machine, right? And it's coming in, and it's going to crash.
I'm saying, "Oh no." It's going right next to the gantry. It's coming down at an angle. I don't like that. It's not good. But what the hell do I know? It's up to Elon, not me, but it's coming. And then, all of a sudden you see the fire and the jets go in the bottom, and the fire is ripping the -- ripping it up, ripping -- and the fire's is just ripping the bottom of it and pushing it away.
It was right next to ripping the whole gantry down. The whole thing was going to come crashing down. And those jets went off and the flames and every -- I never saw anything like it. And it straightened it out. Then it came, and those beautiful arms came and they hugged it like you would hug your little, beautiful baby.
Like you'd hug a baby. See? I stay away from the other thing that you hug on occasion. No, it's like you're hugging your beautiful baby. Just hugged it right in there. So, I call him, I say, "That was you, wasn't it?" "Yeah, that was me." "Can Russia do it?" "No." "Can China do it?" "No." Can the US do it other than you?" "No, nobody can do that." "
I've never seen anything like it." I said, "So why do you do that?" That was a stupid question. "Why do you do that?" Well, it costs about a billion dollars to build the sucker. It's nice when you don't drop it into the ocean and have to start over. It's nice to be able to use it about 30 times more. Right?No, he's a fantastic guy and he's a part -- he gave me the best endorsement virtually of anybody. He said, "
If Trump doesn't win, our country is gone." Think of it. Think of it. And he's campaigning. He put on the black hat, right? Now, I never even knew we sold the black hat. The red hat, yes. The white hat, yes. But I never knew we had a black hat. And see, he's just a different kind of a guy. And he has a black hat, and it says, make America great again. But it's also in black, so it's very -- so I said, "
Where did you get the hat?" He said, "It's dark MAGA." That was the name. And he wore it to Butler. We had 107,000 people in Butler. Can you imagine? We had 107,000 people in Butler celebrating the life of a great gentleman, a great fireman, Corey, a great firefighter, and respected guy. Yeah. That was a beautiful -- 107,000 people.
And they came from all over because it's not a very sparsely populated. It is sparsely populated, and it's not lots of people there. And, man, you couldn't see the end of the cars. You couldn't see the end of the crowd. It was so beautiful. The whole thing was beautiful. We had the opera singer there.
We had the bells. I said, "Give us a -- we're going to do a moment of silence. Give us some bells." "OK, sir, we'll try buying them." And they couldn't buy like the bell. The biggest bell they could buy was like that. I said, "No, the bells of Notre Dame." They say, "We can't get them here, sir. They're too heavy. They're too heavy. They happen to be taken right now."
I said, "No, no, just get them off the internet. Don't worry about it." And we -- it's amazing what you can get off the internet. We had the bells playing, and we had -- then we had Christopher. We had the great opera singer. He's a great singer, he has a great voice. And he sang "Ave Maria." And the whole place, I'm looking at 107,000 people, I would say 100,000 of them were crying.
And the other seven are beyond -- they're too tough for me. I don't like those 7,000. Everybody was crying, and it was a beautiful -- it was a beautiful thing. But it Elon's wearing the black hat. And the good news is this, we didn't sell any. He was the only one that bought one. After that weekend, you know what? We sold 10,000 black hats the following day.
Can you believe it? There was a run on black hats. Boy, do we have great congressmen and senators here today. This guy Rubio is pretty good, isn't he though? I watched him in the plane coming in, and I wanted him to speak again. I said, "They don't mind hearing you twice. That's how good you are, Marco. But at a minimum, Marco, when it's your time, I'm going to bring you up and shake your hand."
Because he has been a great senator and he's a great guy. True. It's true. He's a great guy, smart guy. He's a smart guy. Sometimes he's a little too smart. He's a good guy. He's a good man. Thank you, Marco. Now, Kamala wants to raise the typical family's taxes -- by the way, every time she does a commercial, she lies.
She's a real liar. She's worse than crooked Hillary. Crooked Hillary was a liar. Remember? Remember? Irredeemable, what was the word before irredeemable? What? I thought irredeemable was going to be the bad word, right? Little did I know. Little did I know. But crooked Hillary used to lie a lot, but she's nothing compared to Kamala.
And the difference is crooked Hillary is much smarter, but she suffers from a major case of Trump derangement syndrome. Now, it's got big -- big -- they all do. Well, these Democrats were driving them crazy. We don't like them because they don't love our country. Now, Kamala wants to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year [Audience boos] and impose a 33 percent tax hike at all domestic production.
And she wants to get rid of -- I gave you something that's great if you're a small farmer, if you're a business owner, a small business owner, estate taxes were killing you because you'd pass away -- if you love your child, I would say don't even bother listening. If you love your child, good. If you don't love your child, it doesn't matter, then don't leave this stuff.
But if you wanted to leave your estate to your beautiful kids, which most of them -- does anybody in here not love their child or their children? I've only had one hand raised in about 20 times I asked that. And people beat that person up. They actually -- they actually went after him. That guy was just in bad shape.
Because I actually think he meant it. No, but you know what they want to get rid of? The estate tax. So, you have no estate tax to pay if you leave your farm to your kids. If you leave your business to your kids, you have no estate tax to pay. She wants to get rid of that. She doesn't like that. And you know what was happening? Especially with the farmers because they leave their beautiful farm, and it's got -- you know, it's got asset value, but it's a hard kind of a business, but a beautiful business.
And they'd leave -- think of it, they'd leave their farm and then the kids have to go out and they had to borrow money because you had like a 50 percent tax. They appraised it. You have to go out, borrow money. And they end up always like 80 percent, 82 percent of the time or something, they end up losing the farm.
It turns out to be a nightmare. I got rid of the estate tax or the death tax so you don't have that anymore. And she wants to get rid of that. She's a tough guy. She's a tough one. She destroyed the city of San Francisco, one of the greatest -- it's one of the greatest cities of the world. She destroyed it.
And she worked with Gavin New-scum, one of the worst governors in history [Audience boos] to destroy California. And we're not going to let her destroy the United States of America. We're not going to let her. If Kamala gets four more years, your family will never ever recover. And by the way, Michelle Obama was very nasty to me. [Audience boos]
Oh, she was nasty. I've gone out of my way to be nice to Michelle. I've gone out of my way to be nice to Michelle. Never said a bad thing about her when other people didn't like her so much. And she hit me the other day because they're desperate. They don't want Trump back because we're going to turn this country around and show how bad they were and how incompetent they were, but she hit me.
Now, the fake news doesn't care about that. But if I hit her, they'll say, "Oh, what a horrible thing it was." She can hit me. She can go, and she can say whatever the hell she wants. If I hit her just a little tiny bit, "Oh, he's a bully. He's a bully." No, she shouldn't have done that. That was a mistake.
That was a mistake, right Mr. Wall? Can't do that. Can't do that stuff. If I win, we will quickly build the greatest economy in the history of the world. We will rapidly defeat inflation. And very simply, we will make America affordable again. We're going to make it affordable again. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors.
Right? And I've just announced that I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one. These people are just not recognized. If they had to go through the hospital system, the people they're caring for, we wouldn't have hospitals. You could build hospitals every day in America, you wouldn't have enough.
They take care of our country. They really do. And we're going to get them a big beautiful tax credit. And they do it with love. No hospital could do the job. They do it with love. They have great love, and they take care of people and they're going to be -- and they're entitled to it. They're entitled to it.
They can't go out and work. They can't do it. They have to watch and they have to stay home. Oftentimes, it's a beautiful but wounded soldier, soldiers who have come back and they're in bad shape and their mother or their wife. Their wife, sometimes, is incredible. Call them angels. They're angels that do this.
The mothers, they take care of them. They have to take care of them, and we would have no hospital system that could do it, so they're entitled to it. We got so many other things we can do. We don't need that. We don't need that. You know, we have so much liquid gold down there. We'll drill so much. We'll knock the hell out of everything with that.
I will also restore the SALT tax deduction. I don't know if you know what that means, but just trust me, it's a good thing. Most people have no idea. They say, "What is SALT?" You don't want to know, but it's a big deduction. And your state got, you know, pretty battered by it. And we're going to restore it for you and for New York and for some other places.
Starting on day one of my new administration, I will end Kamala's war on Pennsylvania energy, and we will frac, frac, frac, and drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. I've only seen her 100 times saying, "We will never frac again. We will never -- we are going to stop fracking. We're not going to frac, frac, frac, frac. We're not going to frac. We're never going to frac again."
Then her polls, you know, drop to the -- you only have 500,000 jobs in Pennsylvania. And the income is like you can never replace it. So, she sees the polls, "I think fracking would be a wonderful idea." She's such a phony, it makes you sick. And she's also crushing your energy industry with the vicious natural gas export ban.
You know, you're under this ban. It's the craziest thing, and it's costing your state a lot of money. Now, with me, one thing you know, I'll never be stopping fracking. You know that. I've been very consistent for about 25 years. Drilling and fracking is good. You know, I was with somebody from Saudi Arabia recently, one of the top people.
I said, "When you buy the 150 planes that you just bought, magnificent Boeing 777s." I said, "Where do you get your financing?" He looks at me, "Financing?" He didn't know what financing was. They don't finance. They have money. We have more oil and gas than they do. And you know what? If you include ANWR in Alaska, it's the biggest oil find in the world, as big as Saudi Arabia, and I opened it.
Reagan couldn't get it done. He worked so hard, he couldn't. Nobody could get it done. I got it done. Then, this guy -- the biggest in the world, as big, they say, maybe as Saudi Arabia. And we could have taken care of all of Asia. We would've made so much money. This guy comes in, he doesn't know what the hell's going on, "Where am I?" Can't even find the stairs off a platform.
And he tells you -- no, he can't. Look stair, stair, like four stairs behind us. If you have to, you could jump off the front, you know, you could probably -- the guy can never find his way off. Secret Service has to come up and take him off. It's terrible. I will terminate the green new scam, and I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, going to be cut in half.
And to bring back millions of jobs, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. The problem is, if we had more of these idiots running our country, you won't have a big and best market anymore because we're a nation in decline.
We're going to turn that around so you're going to be so proud of this country. And within 12 months of us taking over, you're going to be so proud of this country. But we're only going to treat -- [Audience chants "USA"] thank you. While you guys were shouting, I was checking out my hair. Not that bad.
Not that bad. I am looking for a little skin in there, and I don't see it tonight. I'm very happy. I'm very happy. Not bad. No, no, not bad. Not the greatest. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you very much. This is a feisty little crowd this. I wish the fake news would show the crowd. You could go to the far reaches of this place, this stadium is massive. [Audience boos]
But they don't want to do that. They never want to do it because they're fake. They don't want to do it. There's never been anything like it. And you know, I have to be -- I'm going to be -- we're going to stop with the joking. I'm going to tell you, it's sort of sad. We've been on this journey together.
Almost every one of us has started together right? [Audience responds affirmatively] And we've been doing it for nine years. This is the final week. We're seven days now, we'll be six days tomorrow. When you think about it, we've created the greatest movement in the history, probably of mankind, but certainly within the United States.
MAGA, make America great again, there's never been anything like it. We -- we never have empty seats. We go to the biggest arena. Look, we go to Madison Square Garden. Everyone says, "Oh, that's so big." We could have filled it up six, seven, eight times with all the people trying to get in. Whoever thought? It's the greatest political movement in the history of our country, and maybe, especially if we win, this will be the greatest movement, I think, in the history of the world, OK? There's never been any other.
And we're going to miss these giant rallies. I love the rallies. Sometimes, they'll have me do a Q and A. I'd get to a place, and there'll be a Q and A. And I'll say, "Gee, I love those rallies." I just -- I don't know, it invigorates all of us, right? Everyone -- everyone here. And we're only going to be doing them for like a few more days, and then we have a different kind of get together.
We're going to have a get together where we're going to talk about all the good things we're doing. It's going to be a very positive thing. But this is something that's been a special journey for all of us, I think for all of us. You have people that have been to hundreds of these, you have people that have been -- you have the Front Row Joes, they've been to every one, I think.
Look at these guys. They've been to every one, and it's just special. And all my geniuses backstage, they think it's them. Oh, they did -- I said, "Take a regular guy, take a regular politician. Let's see how many --" So, what's going to happen is in four years, somebody's going to be running for president.
They're going to hire these guys because they think they're great. And they're going to come and they're going to do a rally, and there'll be about 300 people show up because that's the standard. If you took the greatest politician in the United States in history and you said, "We're going to make a speech in Pennsylvania tonight," you'd have 300, 200, maybe 400 people if they were great.
We get every time, 25,000, 30,000, 40,000 people, 100,000 people in Butler, 110,000 people in California where the elections are so rigged, it's disgusting. We were out there. We had 110,000 people in California three weeks ago, 110,000. We had, in New Jersey, 107,000 people. But that Butler rally was something special, I will tell you.
That was something. That was special for a lot of reasons. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our protected companies. We're going to protect our companies, and we're going to protect -- through very strong tariffs, we're going to protect our whole system.
And by the way, China does it and others do it, but we can do it better because we have a better product. We have a better product. The product is the USA. We have a great product. And we'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. That means if China or any other country -- it's not only China, it's everybody ripping us off.
They all -- we changed it a lot. We changed it a lot. We renegotiated South Korea's deal, Japan's deal. We were in the process of the European Union. I'll tell you what, the European Union sounds so nice, so lovely, right? All the nice European little countries, they get together. They're brutal. They don't take our cars.
They don't take our farm products. They sell millions and millions of cars in the United States. No, no, no, they are going to have to pay a big price. And, you know, just like I stopped -- just like I stopped that plant that was going to be built in Mexico, the biggest plant in the world going to be built.
And I said -- and I was just -- I was in -- I was in Detroit at the Economic Forum at the Economic Club, and I said, "You know, they're going to build the biggest plant there. It's going to wipe out all of Michigan." Michigan is -- I mean, we're way up tonight in Michigan. You know why? Because of things like -- because if they built that plant, then Detroit and Michigan as a whole, I don't think they made as many cars as this one monster plant that was owned by China.
It was near the border. They were going to make millions of cars and just keep sending them into our country and destroy our -- our jobs, destroy our whole market. We already lost about 65 percent from the heyday. We're going to bring it back to the heyday. We're going to bring it back. And we can do it so easily and so smartly.
And I said, "I'm going to put tariffs on those cars and if 100 percent isn't enough, I'll make it two. They're not going to have one car come into the United States. They'll be sitting there with all these cars. They're never coming in because all they're going to do is destroy our automobile manufacturing business."
And you know what happened? Today, the guy that built it -- the other day, he calls me up, I see him, I say, "What's happening with that plant?" He's the biggest builder of these auto plants. I said, "I want to see one." He said, "You'll have to come to Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico. I want to see one here."
He said, "We're not building them in the United States. We're building them in Mexico." I said, "Who owns them?" "China." "I see, so China now, in order to save the trip, is going to build them and then really knock the hell over out of the car," which they're doing in Europe, by the way, they're killing them in Europe.
I said, "Not going to happen." I said, "I don't want to see it. I don't have to see it. How big is it?" He said, "The biggest in the world." I said, "All right. Let them know that I'm putting a 100 percent tariff on every car that they make. And if that's not enough, I'll double it." And I forgot about it.
This was about six, seven months ago, and I forgot about it. Then, I was making a speech the other day, and I see the same guy. He's the best -- the biggest builder of auto plants. That's all he wants to do is -- if you told him build an apartment, he wouldn't know how to do it, but an auto plant, fully computerized.
I see him at the speech that I'm making in Detroit, and I call him over after I finish. I said, "John, let me ask you, how's that big monster doing in Mexico?" He said, "Oh, sir, they canceled it last week because they think you're going to be elected president and you're going to put tariffs, sir." How about that? How about that? Is that beautiful? They canceled it.
But if Kamala got in, they would restart it very quickly, believe me. She doesn't -- she doesn't exactly think too much about that stuff, does she? If China or any other countries charge us a 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them. This is the reciprocal act that we're calling it. I'll put my name on it if they want or I'll leave my name off.
I couldn't care less. But we're going to have a reciprocal tax. We're going to charge them the same 100 or 200 percent tariff or a tariff. It's called an eye for an eye. And all of the ripoff will stop immediately. I will never apologize for defending America. But isn't that a beautiful story with the plant? [Audience responds affirmatively] I mean, if Michigan didn't vote, wouldn't I be surprised? We have a big lead in Michigan, by the way, a very big lead.
We have a big lead in Arizona. We have a big lead -- and the fake news won't tell you, but you'll see it hopefully on Tuesday night. But by the way, you got to get out and vote, otherwise, I would be very embarrassed. This is all -- this is all subject to you voting. You vote, we don't have a problem in the world, but great.
We're doing great in Nevada. We're doing great in Arizona. We're doing great, really good in North Carolina. How about the people of North Carolina? They showed up to vote in record numbers, and the place was practically demolished by Hurricane Helene. I was worried about that. I said North Carolina, we thought maybe 50 percent, maybe 40 or 30 percent would show up.
More people showed up to vote for this election than any election in the history of North Carolina. Is that right? Thus far. Can you believe it? They set a record, and they're voting for Trump. But I'll protect our workers. I'll protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families.
And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has inflicted upon its people.
She allowed this to happen to us. She allowed us to be invaded. [Audience boos] We were invaded. This was a massive invasion of criminals. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens.
It's vicious what's happening, they're killing our people. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo -- or to Congo. They're supplying lots. They're taking them out of their jails. They're opening up their jails, and they're busing them.
They can't get enough buses, frankly, because, I'm shocked, Venezuela is only about 60 percent empty. Do you know that Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent? You know why? Because their criminals are being taken into the United States of America. [Audience boos] It's like -- I said this, the press gave me a hard time, and this one they said it was very -- no, I don't think it's -- it's like we're a giant garbage can.
That's what they treat us like. They -- and these are killers. These are drug dealers. These are gangs, gang members. These are some of the worst -- these are terrorists. And they're treating us and dumping -- they're dumping like we're a dumping ground. And it includes savage criminals who assault, rape, and murder our women and our girls.
And then they say, "Oh, my people said, sir, please don't say that." "Why?" "You're going to protect the women. It sounds very -- it's like --" I said, "Well, don't they want protection? I think they want protection. Now, don't they?" "Sir, it doesn't sound good. It doesn't sound good." I'm going to protect our women from criminals coming into our country and going up to the suburbs and doing really bad thing.
We're going to protect our men, our women, our children. We're going to protect our country, 100 percent protect our country. [Audience chants "USA"] But they said it sounds terrible. It sounds so terrible when you say they can take care of themselves. I said, "No, no, when you see a MS-13 coming through your front door, you're not taking care of yourself, and your husband's not going to take care of you, too, good either, believe me."
And she wants to take your guns away. We're not taking your guns away ever. Are there any women in this giant, massive arena that do not want protection? Please raise your head. Do women want to be protected? [Audience responds affirmatively] Anyone who would let monsters kidnap and kill our children does not belong anywhere near the Oval Office, doesn't belong.
Today, I want America to hear directly from a mother whose world has been shattered forever by Kamala. This is difficult to watch. I had a group of people watching it. It's a difficult thing to watch, but this is what's happening in our country, thousands and thousands of times. Please watch.
Oh, boy. That's a tough one. What a beautiful woman and what a beautiful child, and that child is no longer with us. It's just like crazy. And what they -- what they did to her, what they did to her. And so, you have so many others, Laken Riley. You have so many others. I could name 15 others right now, but they are thousands of them.
You have thousands of cases like that. Many young girls, but many people are being killed by the people that come in illegally through a open border. The day I take the oath of office, the migration and this horrible migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins, and it begins in a very strong way.
The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that has taken over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America. They're all over America. In Colorado they've taken over big complexes.
The governor's a radical left Democrat, who's petrified. He doesn't know what to do. They have the weapons of a fine military. They've even taken over recently Times Square in New York. Please take a look.
This is what we're allowing into our country through this open borders. The United States is now an occupied country, whether you like it or not. We're an occupied country, thousands and thousands tens of thousands of these people. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. [Audience responds affirmatively] On November 5th, 2024, liberation of America begins.
On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. We're going to get them out. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country fast. To expedite approvals of Tren de Aragua and MS-13 and equally savage gang -- I took out thousands of them during my administration, thousands.
And you know who's great? ICE and Border Patrol, they're great. But in order to do what we have to do, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that 1798, that's how far back we have to go, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil, and we will do it so fast.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic ten years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Audience chants "USA"] Under Kamala, America is a sanctuary for criminal, illegal aliens.
That's what it is. These sanctuary cities are just unbelievable. They're sanctuaries for criminals, not anybody else. I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America immediately. I will end catch and release. I will end all migrant flights into our country with planes loaded up with criminal migrants.
And I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals, and then they won't come. Kamala's gross incompetence disqualifies her from being president of the United States. She is unfit for office. Everyone knows it. No one respects her, no one trusts her, no one takes her seriously. Everyone knows she is a low-IQ individual.
You know that, low IQ. From humiliating our country in Afghanistan; to the war in Ukraine, which would have never happened if I were president; to the nightmare on our border; to her inflation catastrophe; to her egregious hurricane response, worse than, perhaps, even Katrina Just ask the people of North Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, South Carolina, Florida, Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path.
She's a total catastrophe. To make her president would be to gamble with the lives of millions of people. She would get us into World War III, which will be a war like no other war. This will be a war at a level that we have never seen before that the world has never witnessed because of the weaponry.
This is no longer Army tanks going back and forth and shooting it. This is the big deal because she is too grossly incompetent to do her job. And then, all of your sons and daughters will end up getting a draft notice, "Oh, mom, dad, what does this mean?" "Son, this means you're being drafted into the military so you can potentially lose your life fighting for a country that you've never heard of."
How crazy is it? How crazy are we? We give money away to all of these countries so far away, so far away, but we don't have enough money to take care of the people of North Carolina during a hurricane. Our enemies are laughing at her. But if we win, our enemies won't be laughing anymore. They're not going to be laughing.
They never laughed at us. Viktor Orban, the very powerful prime minister of Hungary said, "Bring back Trump and everything will stop. All these wars, everything will stop. They respected him." He actually said differently, he said, "They feared him," but I don't care. What difference does it make? But you know what? They said they would do what he wanted.
China was afraid. Russia was afraid. They're all afraid. And you know what? I don't want them to be afraid. I just want respect, and they're going to respect us again. Right now, they're laughing at our country. They're laughing at us. If we win, America will be feared and respected again. And on issue after issue, Kamala broke it, and I will fix it.
And I'll fix it very quickly. [Audience responds affirmatively] But we're also going to make America healthy again. As many of you know, we have talked a lot about getting dangerous chemicals out of our environment and out of our food supply. Today, I'm adding that we are going to tackle the exploding rates of childhood depression, suicide, and pediatric cancer.
We have numbers that other countries don't have. We don't just want to manage these problems, we want to prevent them from happening in the first place. I will assemble the best and brightest minds, including Robert F. Kennedy Jr., [Audience responds affirmatively] RFK, with a goal of reducing by 50 percent within four years the rates of childhood cancer, depression, and suicide, and ultimately to end these epidemics entirely.
They are indeed epidemics. We are not just running against Kamala, remember that, or Joe. She means nothing. She's purely a vessel. She can't put two sentences together. Just like we were not running against crooked Joe Biden. We are running against something far bigger, and far more powerful and more destructive than them, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical left machine that runs today's Democrat party.
Very smart. They're smart, they're vicious, and they hate our country. These are the people who are doing such harm to our country with their open borders policies, record-setting inflation, green new scam, and everything else. But we are not going to let it happen any longer. We are going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th.
And we are going to make America great again. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which in itself is totally disqualifying. Please.
Nothing comes to mind. [Audience boos] What mind? You know that 325,000 children are dead, slaves, or sex slaves right now. They came through the open border. That's many stadiums filled with -- 300, remember that number. Because if that were on the other side, like the Republican side, the fake news back there would make it the biggest story in the history of our country. [Audience boos]
Three hundred seventy-five thousand children are dead, missing, or slaves right now, through her open border. And they don't even write stories about it. No, it's the worst thing that I've ever heard of, I think. If you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. You just have to get out and vote.
We're going to beat them so badly. So, we're thrilled to be joined by some incredible people. I already mentioned Senator Marco Rubio. Marco, will you come up here please? Come on. Good man, this one. Thank you, Marco. Thank you. Do you want to say something?
Go ahead.
Wow. [Audience chants "USA"] That's terrible. That's what it says. That's what it says. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] So you have -- Remember Hillary? She said deplorable, and then she said irredeemable, right? But she said deplorable. That didn't work out. Garbage, I think, is worse, right? But he doesn't know.
You have to -- please, forgive him. Please forgive him for he not knoweth what he said. These people, it's terrible, terrible. Terrible to say a thing like that. But he really doesn't know. He really, honestly, doesn't -- and I'm convinced that he likes me more than he likes Kamala. Convinced. But that's a terrible thing.
Also, with us is a wonderful woman, highly respected Puerto Rico senator, Zoraida Buxo, who's terrific. Come up here for a second. She's fantastic. Great woman. So, respected in Puerto Rico and beyond. Please. [Audience chants "Puerto Rico, yay."] Nice to see you. Nice to see you. Please.
Thank you so much, Zoraida. Wow. Thank you. Highly respected person. And I'm so proud that we're getting support from Latinos like never before. We're setting every record, Hispanics, Latinos. Nobody loves our Latino community and our Puerto Rican community more than I do. Nobody. It's interesting because I've done more for Puerto Rico than any president by far.
Nobody close. I provided historic funding and the hospital ship when we had -- they were hit with a couple of really bad ones right in the row, and we got the ship over there with thousands of rooms, actually. It was amazing. A floating hospital, the biggest in the world. I will deliver the best future for Puerto Ricans and for Hispanic Americans.
Kamala will deliver you poverty and crime. That's all they're going to do. And by the way, she has slandered the people of the Catholic Church. [Audience boos] I don't know what it is with Catholics, but they are after Catholics. But we're going to protect the Catholics, too. We're going to protect -- I don't know what you -- what you did, Catholics, but you're being persecuted by Kamala and her group.
I will keep your family safe. I will defend religion. I will bring jobs, wealth, and factories back. And Puerto Rico in itself will be very thankful. The whole Hispanic Latino community will be very, very thankful. And I appreciate the -- we have numbers that nobody's ever had before. Nobody's ever had these numbers.
No Republican's even come close. You take a look at some of our Republicans, they were in a tiny fraction. I may get -- I may get 50 percent of the vote. Nobody's even heard of that before. And more, and more, and more, and more -- we're just -- we're doing the right thing. Incredible people, energetic, smart, great entrepreneurial people, we appreciate -- and we have a lot of them here tonight.
Thank you very much. Latinos, Hispanics, Puerto Rico, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Senator. Thank you very much. And thanks, also -- I want to just thank some great people that are here, members of Congress. They're warriors. They're tough, and they're smart, and they love this commonwealth, and they also love our country a lot.
Dan Meuser. Dan, thank you very much, Congressman. Fantastic man. How are we doing here, Dan? How are we doing? I think he says great. Yup, we're doing great. We got to keep the cheating from these people there. They're cheats. Keep it down. Watch it. Call the police if you see them doing it, when -- not if, when you see them doing it.
Wesley Hunt, you just heard. I heard his speech. Boy, that was a barn burner, Wesley. A great family, beautiful guy. Thank you very much. West Point, the whole deal he's got. He got the West Point thing going. Thank you, Wesley. And Republican National Committee chairman, Michael Whatley, who you just met, and he is a fantastic man.
Thank you, Michael. What a job. What a job, Michael. Hopefully, we're going to have the biggest celebration next week that we've ever had in the history of our country. Right? Here are the facts. Kamala is a radical left Marxist rated even worse than crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. She destroyed our economy.
She was an original creator of defund the police, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even a brief moment is not worthy of being president of the United States. We have to protect our police. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She wants to ban fracking in Pennsylvania. She wants to ban it. She's going to ban it.
She will do it in two seconds if she lucks out or if they cheat their way into office. And as California Attorney General, she redefined -- I don't know if you heard this, redefined the terms child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]
She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun owners. This is all the stuff she wants. She's a Marxist. She's a Marxist. A lot of people say, "Don't use the term Marxist because people don't understand." OK, she's a communist. She's a communist, and our country is not ready for a communist.
It will never be ready for a communist. Remember, I used to say we will never be a socialist country. At the State of the Union Address, I said, "We will never be a socialist country." And I like to be right, because I was right. We're not a socialist. She skipped socialism. She went right down to communism.
She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, [Audience boos] all paid for -- all paid for by the taxpayers of the United States of America. And then what did she do? She lied about working at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's before. And I went to McDonald's last week.
Did you see that by any chance? [Audience responds affirmatively] That turned out to be a big monster. And on top of all of this, Kamala tried to turn our military woke. But it's not woke. We defeated ISIS. You know, I'm the only president in 82 years, I didn't start a war. When Hillary said, "Look at him. Look at him. He is going to start a war."
No, I said, "I'm going to be the one that keeps you out of war. I'm going to keep you out of war." And I did. You didn't have a war. You didn't lose your children. You didn't lose your son or your daughter like others did with stupid leadership. No, we are going to really do something. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.
We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. Should have never happened, would've never happened.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would've never happened. And I will prevent World War III very easily. I will prevent it. I know everybody. I know all the players. We can't have World War III. We have very, very, very, very stupid people running our country. We could end up -- I'm actually worried about three months, you know, they're still there.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a massive missile defense shield over our country, and it'll all be made in the USA. And I promise Pennsylvania will get a big piece of it.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And I will put forward a bill that anybody burning or destroying an American flag will go to prison for one year. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools, [Audience responds affirmatively] and we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. [Audience responds affirmatively]
After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect citizens and our land. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will stop criminals from coming into our country. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."]
We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope, and always filled with the wonderful and beautiful American dream.
The American dream will come back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Too big to rig. You need to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth.
With your vote this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. This nation belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And seven days from now, it will be hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history, with your help from now until election day, seven days. Oh, it's so nice. It's so nice. We will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Make America great again."]
[Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you, Pennsylvania. Get out and vote. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. God bless you all.
Wow. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. Well, thank you very much, and a very big hello to Michigan, which we're leading, by the way, by a lot. [Applause] And I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.
You know, last night, my opponent had one of these, and they bused in people. But, you know, they got Beyonce, and Beyonce -- you know, Beyonce. They got Beyonce. So, Beyonce went up, spoke for a couple of minutes, and then left. And the place went crazy. They booed the hell out of everybody. They thought she was going to perform.
Now, I would have no interest in that, but they said -- and what happened is my opponent got up and started speaking. They booed the hell out of her. It's crazy. So, they have to use people to get people to come, and then they send buses. We don't send buses. Everybody comes. We're just going to make America great again.
It's very simple. [Applause] I thought I'd tell you that little story because you'll never hear it from the fake news. They don't talk about it. [Audience boos] They wouldn't tell you stories like that. So, I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? I think so. [Audience responds "No"]
I think so. I doubt it. I doubt it. I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote in this election, we will end inflation. And you know what? It's we, not me. We will stop the invasion of criminals into our country. And I will bring back the American dream for your children and for yourself.
This is all you need to know. Kamala broke it. I will fix it. It's going to be very, very interesting. We'll fix it. You know, I've been watching what's happening. You know, you do know she's doing really badly, right? She can't speak. There's something wrong with her. We went through four years of that.
We can't go through four more years of that. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and much stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
Pretty good. And just so you know, this is it because we're not going to be able to save it much -- this is it. We've gone as low as we're going to go. We have to be able to save it. Any longer, you're not going to be able to save it. It's going to be gone. And we're not going to let that happen to this country.
I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country. I'm asking you to dream big again for you and your family, your children. This is going to be America's new golden age. You watch. We're going to bring back -- we're going to bring back those car companies to Michigan. They're going to come into Detroit.
I've been hearing about promises for 40 years on Detroit. We're going to make the promise -- you're going to have those car companies come roaring back. Through intelligent uses of tariffs, taxes, and incentives, they're all coming back. They don't come back, they're not going to be selling any cars in this country, let me tell you right now.
And I just did -- I have to tell you, I just did something very big for Detroit and for Michigan, in particular, in particular. I killed the massive plants that were going to be built in Mexico. They're dead. They're all dead. [Applause] And they were going to drive out all your damn business. They were going to take every one of your -- they were building the biggest plants in the world in Mexico.
And do you know who owned them? China. And they were going to flood our country with cars from just across the border. And I killed them. You know why I killed them? Because I said, "We're not going to have it. I'm going to win, and I'm going to put tariffs on those cars, and those cars will never be able to pay the tariff because it would be too high."
And they gave up on the project. They're not going to build the project. How good is that? And I'm not even in office. How about that? But we will be soon. So, if I can do that out of office, think about what the hell I can do in office, right? And I'll tell you what, these are the biggest plants in the world.
One of them is the biggest plant in the world by far. I think there's more business than your whole state would do with the autos. It's one of those things. And what I did is I said, "There's no car coming in," because they were going to just flood the whole nation. It would affect other states, too, but I think of Michigan and I think of Detroit, it was going to end it.
You've already lost 70 percent probably from the heyday. It's dead. And we're going to now build it up. You're going to be bigger and better with the industry than you've ever been even in your heyday. [Applause] I got a lot of friends here. I know half the people here. Your future senator, I hope. Mike, you got to win this thing.
He's going to win. He's going to win. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is truly in your hands, Michigan. You have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala Harris, the worst vice president in the history of our country -- he's the worst president, and she's the worst vice president.
They stole the election from this guy. They stole it. They said, "You're out, Joe. You're out." Crazy Nancy, Schumer, all of them, they went in. "You're out of here, Joe." "No, I won 14 million votes." You know, he got 14 million votes. Kamala got no votes, and she took over. That's a threat to democracy, right? You know, to use that term.
But you're going to tell Kamala Harris, and it's going to start right here. You know, if we win Michigan, the whole deal is over. You know that, right? It's all over. You're going to say, "Kamala, you're no good. You did a lousy job. You destroyed San Francisco. You destroyed California. You destroyed everything you touched. You're not going to destroy our nation. Kamala Harris, you are fired. Get the hell out of here. Get out of here. You're fired."
[Applause] All right. We got to get her the hell out. If she did to you what she did to San Francisco, you don't want to have it. She destroys everything. Not a good person either. You know, I see the ads she puts in. Like, I don't have to go into specifics. Anything I did, anything I say, she puts ads in, and we're mainstream.
You know what we are? We're common sense. She will put an ad in, saying the exact opposite of what I believe and what I've been saying for 20 years. She's changed 15 policies in order to be able to run, like no transgender operations for people in detention upon will, paid for by the government. She changed, like, men in women's sports.
She wants men to be able to participate in women's sports. [Audience boos] No. She probably got rid of that. Like, "No fracking. There will be no -- " For her whole life, she's no fracking. "No oil and gas. We don't want oil and gas." So, really, how are we going to get the cars to run? Well, we want to go a little bit further.
How are we going to get them to run? All of these things. She's changed everything over the last year and a half because you can't get elected with that stuff unless you cheat, which is what they do, frankly. But you can't get elected. So, she's changed every one of them. Remember this. Nobody can change like that.
If you change one policy -- one thing with me, I've been consistent. I saw on a fake news show today, I was watching, they said, "Well, one thing you have to say, he's been saying the same thing for 30 years." It's true. They can't steal your car business. They can't take your jobs. You got to stop. It's how I got into politics in the first place.
But we're going to bring all those plants back. We're going to bring all those jobs back. And I've been saying that for -- she's never said that. But every single thing -- and if you have her -- it's not going to happen. I don't believe it. Look, I'm not supposed to say this because you got to vote. If you don't vote -- otherwise, I'm not -- we're doing really well.
We're sort of way up. But I'm supposed to say it's really tight, but you got to vote anyway. You got to vote. In fact, we have a chance of maybe doing something that nobody has ever done before politically in this country, at least not for a long time, but we have a chance. But Michigan, we win Michigan, we win the whole deal, and we make America great again.
You got to get out and vote. [Applause] Early in-person voting in Michigan is now open statewide, and I'm asking for you to go to votetrump.com right after this rally ends, and you're going to see something, but just go. Let me ask you because you have the early vote. You know, it used to be you have one-day voting, paper ballots, voter identification.
Today, it's illegal. You know, the -- how about this guy, Gavin Newscum, in California? He just signed a bill making it illegal to even ask a person for voter identification. They want to put you in jail. [Audience boos] That's the next step. We're going to get this whole thing straightened out. It's crazy.
You know what? Even the Democrats -- it's just the politicians. The Democrats, you go to the Democrats, you take a Democrat, they don't want that. The people, the vote, they don't want that. They want to have voter ID. They want to have proof of your country. In other words, are you a citizen of the country? It'll be nice to have, right? But Gavin Newsom in California, they signed it.
I didn't even believe it. I thought it was like an April Fool's. I said, "Are we in April, by any chance?" April Fool's Day. He comes out with a bill that you are not allowed to ask a person whether or not they have voter ID. If you do it, you've broken the law. Can you believe it? So, you'll get arrested if you ask a person.
This is where we're going. It's going to end, and it's going to end very quickly. [Applause] So, as you probably have been reading, we're setting records in the early vote in Michigan and in, I think, most of the other states, and you have until November 3rd to vote early. So, you can do that. But the main thing is to go vote.
You go vote if you want. How many people have voted so far? OK. That's good. How many people are going to vote? So much for our early voting drive, right? By the way, I love that because we're already leading in the early vote, which is something no Republican has done in Michigan since they went to this ridiculous system.
You know what the ridiculous system is? You have the rest of your life to vote, anytime you want. Come on. The whole thing is -- we used to have one-day voting, voter ID, paper ballots. "Prove that you're a citizen of the United States, please." And you know what? You'd had no problems. 9:00, 9:30, you announced a winner.
Somebody's unhappy and somebody's not, but there's no stuff going up to the sky, back, forth. It would cost 8 percent. This is not the most important thing, but it's important. Paper ballots would cost 8 percent of what the machines cost. And paper ballots -- how about these machines? They have the machines, and they said, "We won't be able to give you a vote for six days on election night. We won't be able to give you a vote for six days with paper ballots."
10:00 in the evening, they announce. There's bad stuff going on. Why are we paying 10 times the cost for something that doesn't give you the vote for a long time? You see all the time, they have states that say, "We'll need a few more days with paper ballots." You know, France went to it. They had mail-in voting.
They had all this stuff, and it was really working badly. It was corrupt. And they went to paper ballots, voter ID, same-day voting. They have one day. They had 39 million votes. At the end, they had a winner. They had a loser. And that was it. Everybody went home. It's crazy. And we're going to get it back.
With your help, 10 days from now -- but there's a big lobby against it. You know, a lot of money, a lot of money made with all of the contraptions that they have. A lot of money. A lot of money. Not so much money made with paper. You know, the paper is very -- it's called watermark. It's very sophisticated, actually.
It really prevents you from cheating. With your help, 10 days from now, we are going to win Michigan. We are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again, and we are going to make Detroit great again finally, after 45 years. [Applause] We're going to make Detroit. I took a lot of heat because, you know, I was up here at the Economic Club.
That's what I was telling you about. These massive factories in Mexico owned by China, but massive factories. And I was here, and I wasn't that positive. I mean, you know, they want me to say, "Oh, Detroit is great. Oh, it's so great." You know, it needs help. So, I said, "It needs help." And people said, "Oh, he wasn't positive."
I can't be positive. I'll be positive. Within two years, I'll be positive. You'll see what positive is. But how the hell can you be positive? No, but that was where I called the gentleman, and I see him sitting there, the man who builds most of the auto plants. He's the biggest in the world, I guess, and I told him I wanted to see a plant a year and a half ago.
He said, "OK, but I'll have to take you to Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico. I want to see one here." He said, "We don't build the big ones here." Because you have a stupid head of the union. This guy is stupid. And you know what? We are leading with the rank-and-file of the UAW. You know that.
We're leading by a lot because I'm going to bring your jobs back, and I'm going to end the electric mandate, all-electric mandate on day 1, which is going to cause you all of you to lose your job. You're going to build electric cars, and you're going to build all kinds of cars, except hydrogen. There will be no hydrogen cars.
They tend to blow up. And once they blow up, you are not recognizable anymore. No, they say that's the hottest new thing, hydrogen. Does anybody in the -- they say it's so hot. The problem is when it's not, when it's not hot, it's bad. It's bad. So, I don't want to do that. They say for the most part, for the most part, it's really wonderful, but when it goes bad, it's over.
You're not recognizable. They call the wife. "Please come and inspect to see whether or not this is your husband." He's lying against a tree, and the tree has a lot of red on it. So, we're not going to do hydrogen cars. Is that OK for everybody? Right? [Audience responds affirmatively] They told me -- these guys told me, "We're working on the solution."
Forget it. We got enough. For generations, this state was the world capital of automotive production and one of the great manufacturing centers in all of history. You know, you were the best. You were the best. But then a lot of bad things started happening 40 years ago, actually, but your politicians have done nothing.
They were either stupid or corrupt, one or the other. They were both. But year after year, globalist politicians like Kamala Harris sold you out and let other countries loot and pillage and plunder your wealth and our jobs and our American dreams. Forty percent of Michigan auto jobs were annihilated after NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made.
And I ended it. I ended it with the USMCA. That's Mexico and Canada. So much better. [Applause] And then they allowed China in one of their brilliant moves to enter as a growing developing nation. You know, if you're a developing nation, you get all sorts of incentives like things that we have to do that they don't, including pay a lot of money.
So, China entered as a developing nation. Well, I think Detroit and some of our areas makes us a developing nation. China doesn't have any place like that, but they allowed them into the World Trade Organization. That did not work out too well for us, let me tell you, because they robbed us and ripped us.
And I don't blame them if they get away with it, but they didn't get away with it. You know, I charged them more tariffs than China has paid in a thousand years. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars in -- they paid 440 billion or so. You know how much your other previous presidents have gotten from China? Nothing.
Zero. Not 10 cents. Not even 10 cents. You know, the press challenged me. "No, no. I think president so and so -- " I don't want to get into it. Oh, Obama did a horrible job. He got ripped. [Audience boos] They said he'd come. He'd make a speech. By the way, I don't happen to think he's a good speaker, OK? I don't happen to think he's a good speaker.
But he'd come, he'd make a speech, and he'd leave. They say other presidents came. They made a speech, and they left. They say, "Trump, he came. He looked at the books. He says, 'You people are being ripped off.'" Then he might've made a quick speech, and he said, "I'll be back in two months." And that's what's happening.
You have been ripped off. This state has been ripped off. The car business is coming back to this state. And in a short period of time, you're going to have more jobs than you had in its heyday, and it's not even going to be hard. [Applause] Under Kamala -- you know, I don't usually use the word Harris because nobody knows who Harris is.
They go, "Harris." People say, "Who the hell is Harris?" You ever notice that, Mr. Congressman? They say -- got all the genius congressmen over here. They're very good. We only let the good ones come. We have plenty of that. We don't like too much. But when I say Harris, Harris has done a terrible job.
Harris is grossly -- nobody knows who the hell -- right? It's true. Isn't it crazy? Harris. Who the hell is Harris? Under Kamala, the U.S. has lost nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs this year alone. You didn't know that because the fake news -- whoa, you got a lot of fake news. You got a lot of bad ones back there, too.
Whoa. That's a lot of fakers. You know, you'd think they'd want their credibility back. You know, when we show clips, they never show them. A friend of mine called up two weeks ago. He said, "You know, I love your rallies, but I'd love to see -- " We do some really pretty good clips that are good, up there, beautiful screen.
So, you take a look up there, take a look up there. No. So, all they have to do is take the camera, go like this, two inches over, one inch up. And the people at home can see it, right? [Applause] And the people then at home can see it, but they don't want to do it. They don't want to do it. Now, you'll watch.
My friends called. They say, "I love your speeches, but when they're playing the tapes, they never show it." All they have to do is turn the camera about an inch, two inches over, one inch up. It goes like this. And they could see it. But they don't want to do that because they don't want to see it. They don't want to have people see it.
U.S. car sales are down 38 percent since I left office. Good job. Good job, Joe, you sleepy guy. I almost said something bad that would've -- oh, I was so close. I was so close. But I think of Franklin Graham. You know, Franklin Graham is a great guy, does a great job with all of these horrible hurricanes and tornadoes and everything.
And he said -- he wrote me a beautiful letter. He said, "President, I love your stories. You speak so well. I love it. It's so great. But sir, it would be even better if you didn't use foul language." And I felt so guilty. You know, I felt like, "Oh, that's a kill." That was in the last paragraph. He's telling me how great -- then he said, "Foul language."
And I gave it a shot. You know, you lose a lot of emphasis, and it's not real bad stuff, but you do -- I said, "Franklin, I think you're wrong." And I do it sometimes that way, and I haven't been able to get quite the same emphasis, but I feel better about myself. I almost blew it right there, almost.
It would've been much better if I did, but then I would've had to report to a higher authority. But with victory in November, we are going to take back what is ours. Standing before you today, I am proclaiming that by the end of my term, the entire world will be talking about the Michigan miracle and the stunning rebirth of Detroit. [Applause]
We'll bring back the auto industry greater than it has ever been. I'm not saying a little bit. We're going to bring them back. And if they don't want to build their plant here, you know what they're going to do? They're not going to sell cars here. China will not be building those massive plants in Mexico.
Vote Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to Detroit. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost. We have more liquid gold than anybody. You know, we were energy independent.
Four years ago, we were energy independent. We're going to give them the lowest regulatory burdens, free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. But you know what? If we're not smart, we're not going to have the biggest and best. We're going to be like Venezuela, like all these other countries that went radical-left socialist, communist.
We'll be just like them. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent Made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 -- so if you remember, I cut -- and everyone said it was impossible. I cut it from almost 40 percent to 21 percent. So, now it's 21. Got it approved by Congress if you can believe it.
And those people helped me, right over there. But we cut it from almost 40 to 21. And that made us very competitive with other countries because, you know, we're competing against all these other countries. And, you know, we can say, "Let's make it 70 percent." That's OK, but everybody leaves, and you have no jobs, and you have a dead country because we have to compete against Japan and against China and against South Korea.
We have to compete. But now, what I'm doing is I'm taking it from 21 to 15 percent but only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. [Applause] You're going to see something. They're going to come floating back when they say, "Gee, we're not allowed to sell cars in the United States anymore."
It's not a question of allowed. They're going to have to pay a big price for them to rip off our companies, steal our jobs, and sell things. If they want to partake in this market, we're going to make it the greatest market in the world, then they're going to have to pay a price. And the price is either a stiff tariff, or you don't have to pay the tariff.
You'll build the plant in the United States, and you people are going to run that plant. And if these companies don't make their cars and products here, then they will pay that tariff. And when they send their product into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished and now protected factories -- they're going to be cherished and protected companies.
We're going to protect those companies. We're not going to let those companies be underbid and all of the things that they do to destroy them, and then they come in, and they have the prices twice as high. Not going to let that happen. And we have an advantage -- because other countries do that, but we have an advantage because we have the best market.
We will also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. You know what that is. That means that if China or any other country -- and there are many of them. Most of them charge us a 100 or 200 percent tax. Then we will charge them likewise, a 100 or 200 tax in return. It's called an eye for an eye. And you'll see them drop those numbers against you.
You'll see everything start to work like it should. These pro-worker policies are among the many reasons why I've been overwhelmingly endorsed by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters. We have Teamsters here. And it's one of the reasons that we have incredible support from the workers at the UAW.
They think that -- you now, they're very smart. They're very smart. They don't want to make all-electric cars because they know all-electric cars, within two, three years, are going to all be made in China. They're going to all be made in China. And they're great. They're great. And we love Elon Musk.
There's nobody like Elon Musk. But he understands this. You got to have choice. You want choice for schools, actually, and you want choice here, and you want choice in the military. If you can't get a doctor, we call that choice, too. We did that, too. We did a lot. But, you know, I just saw a man in the audience who's incredible, and he was so proactive for Trump and his AUW members.
Brian Pannebecker. And Brian, if he's around, I want to get him up here for a second. Where's Brian? Come here, Brian. Show me these arms. Look at the arms of this guy. Look at the arms of this guy. Hello, my man.
I saw you out there.
Thank you, Brian. Look at the arms of that guy. Boy, oh boy. Do all autoworkers have arms like that? You see, he just grabbed me, and I think I need a doctor. Thank you, Brian. Great job. That's great. Well, he means it. It's from the heart. Brian doesn't work for me. I don't know Brian, other than I know that we have the same thing.
We want to see the auto industry not leave this state and this country. We want it in the country. And if they choose other than Michigan, we can live with that, but they got to be in the United States, but I think they're going to choose Michigan. You have a lot of assets like the center location, you know, etc.
, etc. So, I want to thank you, Brian. You're really a patriot. Amazing, amazing guy. And those autoworkers listen to him, too. They listen to him. They get it. They get it. You have a union head that doesn't get it, but I'm sure he's a decent guy, but he doesn't get it. We want these companies coming back to this state, and ideally, I'd love to see them.
Look, I've got to be equal to every -- I'd love to see them come into Detroit, though. I'd love to see them. You have so many assets, and we're going to work on it. That's what we're going to do. We are going to make it a miracle. We're going to make the state a miracle, and we're going to make Detroit a miracle.
And it's going to happen, and it's guaranteed. It's guaranteed. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, and destroy your family's finances. She'll also kill thousands of people. Her border policy is so bad. Open borders, anybody can come in. What she's done to our country at the border is horrible.
What she's done to us -- and I say inflation is rated No. 2. The economy, which I think is basically a part of inflation, is rated No. 1 in terms of the most important thing that people vote for. No. 3 is the border. I disagree. I think the border is actually No. 1. And the inflation is horrible, right? Because they're allowing murderers and drug lords and prisoners.
They're emptying their prisons, and I think it's No. 1. But her inflation nightmare has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she wants to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. Think of that. Right? [Audience boos] She's called the Taxing Queen, and she's demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production.
You know what that's going to do? That's going to drive everybody into other countries because they're all competing for our companies. We can't do that. She's a stupid person. We can't do that. Take a look at this.
[Audience boos] See, now, the camera didn't show that. So, for all of you at home, you're going to have to come in and watch in person. Can you imagine? It's so nasty. They're so nasty. They're so evil. They are actually the enemy of the people. They really are. So evil. But you see this. How about a tax on an unrealized gain? Think of what that means.
We are going to tax something you haven't even taken. They're going to put a tax on an unrealized gain. Think of this. That's a new one. Even in the world, that's a new one. It's called communism. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small business, and we will have a few things that I think you'll like.
No tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security, those beautiful benefits for our seniors. [Applause] And as a senator, Kamala voted to impose a 100 percent ban on gas-powered cars and trucks. Thank you, Kamala. And she doesn't know a thing about it. She doesn't know a damn thing about it.
She voted to a 100 percent ban, which would kill an estimated 200,000 U.S. auto jobs. Please tell the head of -- Brian, tell the head of your union that, please? Would you do it? Can you imagine? She wants to ban gas-powered trucks, things -- that's just -- there goes -- oh, it's gone. Well, it's not gone.
It's going to China. It's all going to China. China will make them. Don't worry. They make anything. On day 1 of the Trump administration, I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end immediately the green new scam once and for all. [Applause] You know, Mr. Congressman, the green new scam, in her ideal -- you know, this was done by AOC.
You know that right? AOC plus three, I call it, because it's like one person. She has absolutely no experience with the environment. "Oh, have you studied?" "No, I haven't." "Have you taken a course?" "No." But she's telling us about the environment. She has no idea. It's the green new scam. In their ideal world, what they want is $93 trillion.
You know that, right? They want buildings in New York taken down and rebuilt without windows because a window is environmentally unfriendly. I guess the sun goes through and creates a little warm feel -- nice and warm. So beautiful. I want a window in my apartment. Oh, I want to see -- you know, you got some great salesmen in real estate.
I want to see somebody sell somebody an apartment without a window in it. Those would be seriously good salesmen. But no, these people are for real. You know, the cows are going to disappear. No more cows, no more anything. These people are crazy. So, it's 93 trillion. That's more than China, the U.S.
, and every other country has for 30 years. They're nuts. We had the cleanest air for four years of any country by far, the cleanest water. That's what I want. I want clean air, clean water, and jobs. [Applause] I will make interest on car loans -- wait till you hear this, Michigan. I'm going to make interest on car loans, nobody's even thought about it but your favorite president, fully tax deductible.
Nobody thought of that. But a there's but. But. There's a but. Don't get too happy yet. But listen to how smart it is. Look, it's like the paperclip. A hundred and twenty-nine years ago, a guy came up with an idea for the paperclip. Everybody then said, "Oh, I could have been rich if I only thought of it. Why didn't I?"
This is the same thing. Make it fully deductible but only for cars made in America because affording a car is a part of the American dream. [Applause] Pretty good, right? What do you think about that, Issa? No, but think of that. Nobody thought of that. Number one, they didn't think about making it deductible.
You know what that's going to do to the automobile business in Michigan if I give deductibility on interest payments? That's going to be -- but now I say -- but then I said, "Well, wait a minute. Supposing they buy a car made in Japan, what the hell good does that do us, right?" So, I added a little caveat.
But only if the car is made in the U.S., OK? Which will be here. And I had a call from some of the smartest guys on Wall Street. These are, you know, 182 IQ stuff, unlike Biden and Kamala. They're low-IQ individuals, very low. But I was talking to 182 guys. That's about top of the pack. And they said, "Where the hell did you come up with that idea?" It's so simple, right? And they loved the second part, but they never even had the first part.
Nobody thought -- nobody told me about. It's just an idea. Nobody told me. And then I said, "It's so good. That's going to cause car business in this country to boom." And you can have the American dream because you don't have the American dream without a car for your kids, etc., etc. So, we're very proud of that.
So, there's two things for you. Well, I think the overtime is great for all these guys, friends of Brian's. I think the overtime, no tax on overtime. We will quickly become energy independent as we were four years ago, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill. [Applause] And we're going to cut your energy prices because people are all saying, "Oh, it's too -- " They've already done the damage, you know.
They've done the damage at the border. You know, they're saying, "Oh, we're trying to stop -- " But nothing there. In the meantime, there are planes flying overhead loaded up with illegal migrants. These people are bad. They're sick. I don't even know -- you know, normally, you know why people are doing things, even on the other side.
Who the hell wants an open border? Who would want it? Unless you hate the country, you're stupid, or you want those people to vote. It could be the third thing, but boy, that's a big price. But I'm going to cut your energy prices in half within 12 months from January 20th when we take off, 50 percent.
And that's going to lower the cost of everything because we have to bring bacon and eggs and everything, we have to bring it down because they're all record-breaking. You know, they've already done the damage, just like they've done the damage with all of the criminals they've allowed in. We have to get them out.
As we restore our economy, we will also secure our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala Harris has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon the people of the United States. It's true. It's true. It's not even believable. The worst people in the world.
I used this term yesterday for the first time. I just thought of it while I'm up here. I think of a lot of things when I'm up here that are on this stupid machine. Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a fricking teleprompter? Isn't it nice? [Applause] But I use this term. You know, I always said we're the dumping ground for the world.
Yesterday, I said, "We're the garbage can for the world." We are. We're a garbage can. We're like a garbage can, and they dump their criminals, their people with tremendous mental problems from insane asylums, from mental institutions, their drug dealers, their gang members, their jail -- their prisoners.
They're going to open their jails. They've already done it, but they haven't completed it. I would've done it faster than them. I'll be honest. If I ran one of those countries, one of the many countries -- they come now, a lot of them coming in from the Congo in Africa. They open it up. They bring them to the southern border, and they throw them into our country.
They come from jails in the Congo. They come from jails from all over the world, the Middle East. A lot come from South America, but it's not just South America. She's eradicated our sovereign border, and she's unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens all over our country.
And you see it. All you have to do is pick up your paper. They said, "Oh, these are wonderful people. You know, the American dream, it's wonderful." They didn't know that they killed five people each. Kamala has imported an invasion of criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions.
That's pretty much the same thing, insane asylum being a number of steps up. All from around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo. And she's resettled them into a community near you. Oh, how lovely. All to prey -- and this is what's going to happen, and it's happening. They're preying on innocent Americans that did nothing wrong.
One of the deadliest and most vicious gangs anywhere in the world has been imported by her open-border policies, which are ridiculous, into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang. These are lovely young people that met in prison, some for murder, some for other things. The name is Tren de Aragua, and it's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree in Aurora, Ohio, in Aurora, Colorado, and it's all over the country.
It's no longer just in Colorado or Ohio. How about Ohio, where you have -- in Springfield, they sent 32,000 illegal migrants into a 50,000-person community. You can't get into a hospital. You can't get into a school. This is what they've done to us. But this one gang from Venezuela, probably the most vicious in the world, them and MS-13, the Border Patrol -- oh, by the way, Border Patrol endorsed me last week, gave me the strongest endorsement. [Applause]
And in the endorsement, they said, "She's the absolute worst, and you cannot let her become -- " You ought to see their endorsement. I like the second part even better than the first. She's the worst. But they've taken over. This gang has taken over Times Square in New York City. Let's take a look. [Begin videotape]
That's what we're letting into our country. It's not going to happen for long, let me tell you. It's going to be the other way. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. [Applause] And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.
Think of that. We had to go back so far, so far because that's when they ran a strong country. Had to go back a long way. 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil, gives us total power to do it. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole.
And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] Kamala Harris is so incompetent and so unfit that she is obviously disqualified from being president of the United States. All you have to do is take a look at what she said the other night on CNN.
They had a town hall. Even Allison Cooper was embarrassed by it. He was embarrassed by it. She was terrible and can't be the president. Can you imagine her dealing with President Xi of China, Putin of Russia? "I'm going to meet Putin today." She will destroy our country. Everyone knows it. No one respects her.
No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. From humiliating our country in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, to the war in Ukraine that would've never happened if I was president, to the nightmare on our border, to her inflation catastrophe, to her egregious hurricane response, the worst response since Katrina, maybe worse than Katrina.
North Carolina, all over the place, those people. Nobody even showed up. You know why? They spent all their money on illegal migrants. They don't have any money in FEMA. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. And by the way, October 7th in Israel would not have happened either.
Those people that were slaughtered would not have happened. They'd be living today. They'd be home with their parents or with their families. Kamala is campaigning with Muslim-hating, warmonger Liz Cheney, who wants to invade practically every Muslim country on the planet. And let me tell you, the Muslims of our country, they see it, and they know it.
Her father was responsible for invading the Middle East, killing millions of Arabs, millions. And this is the one that Kamala is campaigning with. And I know Cheney very well. She lost by the biggest margin in the history of the United States Congress, lost by almost 40 points. Nobody's ever -- no sitting congressperson has ever lost by even close to that amount.
And now, she's a primary endorser. You know, it's going to be very interesting on some of our basic issues. See if you can put those two together. They're just trying to win. They'll do anything to win, but that ain't going to work, that combination. But she's a warmonger. To make Kamala president would be a gamble with the lives of millions of people.
She would get us into World War III because she's too grossly incompetent to do anything about it. Your sons and your daughters will end up getting drafted. They'll have a draft. Oh, she'd love a draft. All she wants is war. The reason I don't get along with her is because she wanted to invade every damn country that she looked at.
She's a dope like her father is a dope. This person cannot be president. She's too weak, and she's too foolish to represent America on the world stage, Kamala is. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which in itself is disqualifying. Think of it. He's got a 90 percent disapproval wrong way.
And she said, "I wouldn't do anything different." That means she can't run. Take a look.
So, nobody really knew her, but now they're learning her, and her polls are crashing. She is crashing. Got to crash. Can't have her as your president. Kamala's angry and bitter campaign is alienating voters nationwide. Oh, they lie so much. They lie. They lie so much. How about McDonald's? "I worked so hard at McDonald's."
She didn't work at McDonald's. She never worked there. They never saw her there. The manager of the store said, "She never worked here. She never worked here." She's a liar. She's a liar. And I told you before, every commercial she does about me, it's the exact opposite. Our campaign is bringing together all Americans who want a better future for our country.
That's why we are building the biggest, broadest, and most diverse coalition in American history. There's never been anything like this. By the way, MAGA, Make America Great Again, this is the greatest political movement, by far, in the history of our country. That's all. [Applause] We include union workers, Border Patrol agents, police, and firefighters.
They've all given me their endorsements, by the way, the police, the firefighters -- even the firefighters union. They've never done it before. They gave me what they -- oh, they love Trump. They like Trump. They've always gone Democrat. You know, it's like a bad habit. You know, it's a habit year after year, Democrats.
And they meet me. They say, "We like that guy." But all veterans, steelworkers like Brian, what he does with his hands -- Brian, does every autoworker have arms like you? I don't know. Because I'm going to be an autoworker pretty soon. Are they tough? OK. Oh, they are. Oh, they are. So, we're seeing historic levels of support among Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians.
And let me tell you, these people coming into our country -- and you're going to see numbers that they should release now. They have them. They're destroying the Black population jobs in this country and the Hispanic population jobs in this country. And they don't want to put out the numbers now. They want to wait 11 days till after the election is over.
She's allowed these people to come in. They're taking the Black population jobs, and they're taking the Hispanic jobs. Jews, Catholics, Evangelicals, Mormons, Muslims are joining our cause in larger numbers than ever before. And now, the most wonderful thing is happening. We're winning overwhelming support from the Muslim and Arab voters right here in Michigan.
Can you believe it? [Applause] It's great. And earlier today, I had an incredible meeting, a great meeting. You know what they want? They want peace. They want -- they're great people. With a group of Muslim imams. And like everyone here today, Muslim and Arab voters in Michigan -- and, you know, they're going to be the -- they could turn the election one way or the other.
I think we have it anyway. I'm telling you, we have so many votes, but we got to get more. We got to get more. But the Muslim and Arab voters in Michigan and across the country want a stop to the endless wars and a return to peace in the Middle East. That's all they want. Like we had under President Donald J.
Trump. Have you ever heard of him? We haven't. They want strength in the Oval Office. They want law and order. They want common sense. They're not into the transgender operations. They're not into men playing in women's sports. They want a booming economy, and they don't like Kamala's plan to provide free sex-change operations for inmates or illegal migrants in detention or secretly change the gender of our children in school without even parental consent or knowledge. [Audience boos]
I'm thrilled to accept the endorsement. Nobody thought this was going to happen, nobody, because this is a great group of people, but they always were Democrat. But they look at her, and they say, "Forget it." I'm thrilled to accept the endorsement of these highly respected leaders. These are the leaders.
Today, I'm also honored to be endorsed by a very special person. And I'm going to ask all of -- if I could, all of my friends to come up from the Arab and Muslim part of Michigan, and I'd like to -- give them a big hand because they're going to vote for us and help us win.
[Audience chants "USA"] Isn't that amazing? Isn't that great? They want peace. These are very good people. I want to just thank them. And that means so much. Those are the most respected leaders, and I just want to really thank them a lot, a lot. [Applause] That's going to go a long way to helping us secure victory in this great state, too.
Let me tell you, they have a lot of great people, and that's going to go a long way. Today, I'm also honored to be endorsed by the mayor of Dearborn Heights, Bill Bazzi. He's a great guy. Come on up, Bill. Come on up, Bill. He's an engineer. He worked at Ford Motor Company, served in the Marine Corps and the Marine Corps Reserves for 21 years.
He became his city's first Muslim mayor, and he's a terrific man. Thank you. Please.
Wow. What a nice -- thank you. What a nice endorsement. These are great people. I also want to thank a man that's been with us right from the beginning, and I have to call him out, Mayor Ghalib of Hamtramck, Michigan for his early and strong support, and he's an incredible guy. And he was right up there in front months ago, and I just have to tell you, he started this whole thing rolling.
So, I want to thank the mayor and want to thank everybody that's here. It's a beautiful thing to see. We're going to set an all-time record with the Arab and Muslim voters, which you probably noticed. I saw that -- on one of the fake news networks last night, they were going over the polling, and they said, "This is a little strange. The Arab Americans, Trump, 59; Kamala Harris, eight."
[Applause] And that was before these great endorsements. But you got to see these announcers, these anchors. "Is there something that -- what's going on? Is this true?" It's true, more than true because we're going to do something. We're going to treat people properly. We're going to end those wars. They want peace.
We want peace. Everybody. You don't want your sons and daughters -- that'll be next. They'll be drafting your sons and daughters to go over there. But I want to thank everybody. That was an incredible moment. I also am pleased to be joined by a very special man. He's going to be your next senator. He's killing it in the polls.
He's against somebody who doesn't have what it takes. So, I just want to say hello to Mike Rogers. Mike, thank you very much, Mike. You want come up? Come. And I'm going to tell Mike, say a couple of words, and he's got a big speaking engagement. I said, "Mike, say a couple of words, and it will be OK."
Get out of here real fast and go make your speech because we have to win. He's heard me speak before, and he'd love to do it again, I'm sure, but we have to win. So, you say a couple of words, and then you skedaddle, OK?
He's a good man, going to do a great job. And she's terrible, by the way, terrible, a rubber stamp for the radical left. We have another warrior, John James, Representative John James, who's fantastic. Thank you, John, very much. Thank you, John. He's doing great, too. Lisa McClain. Lisa, what a job you do.
She is so tough and smart, and she loves this place, don't you? Thanks, Lisa. I appreciate it. And a person from a little other state, but he's so important in Congress and such a warrior, I had to introduce him. Darrell Issa. Darrell, thank you. Great job, Darrell. He's a patriot, a warrior, and a House candidate who's going to win.
I looked at the poll. Tom Barrett is going to win, and he's going to win big. Going to win very big, Tom. Great numbers. Michigan GOP chairman, ambassador, Pete Hoekstra, who's my friend. I said, "Pete, you got to take this job." And the job he's done is amazing, and I want to thank you, Pete. I want to thank you.
And we're winning tremendously. I don't think we've ever been in a position like this where we're winning everything. And you know why? Because they're so bad. We're good. We're really good, but they're so bad. And we can't let that happen because our country can't take another -- I'm worried about three months if you want to know the truth.
I can't take three months more. I understand we have many members of the Chaldean Christian community in our midst. Stand up. Go ahead. Stand up. You deserve it. You've been treated pretty badly. Stand up. We're going to treat you good. You have not been treated properly. Thank you very much. Look at the love and the enthusiasm, huh? Chaldean Christians.
Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. No, they're great people. A man who's a very special man, he's the father to Tiffany's husband. Tiffany's going to have a baby. And she's been a great person, good student, good everything, and married this man's son, and this is a highly respected man all over the world.
Dr. Massad Boulos. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you very much. Thank you. And Ambassador Joe Cella. Thank you, Joe. Thank you very much, Joe. Here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. You know who Pocahontas is? She destroyed our economy.
She was an original creator of Defund the Police. You know that? She headed up Defund the Police. [Audience boos] And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being a president of the United States. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE, the brave patriots, tough guys, the brave patriots of ICE.
If we didn't have them, we'd never be able to get the bad ones out of our country. They're tough, and they love our country. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking. She wants to ban fracking in Pennsylvania and all over the country, until about a year ago when she said, "Oh, I love fracking very much." As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give up their gun in this -- [Audience responds "No"] Anybody would like to give up -- you know, we have somebody waiting outside to grab it. And then probably give it to the bad guys. The bad guys aren't giving up their guns. That, we know. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership.
She has a ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. [Audience boos] She lies about everything. And don't forget McDonald's. That was a bad one. But on top of everything else, she wants to turn our military woke. Take a look.
[Applause] We won two world wars. Those wars would not have been won. We won those wars with others, but we won those wars. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save our country. We are going to save America. With your support, we'll cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and right here to Michigan.
We're bringing them back to Detroit. We're bringing them back to Michigan. A lot of them will come right here. We will build American. We will buy American, and we will hire American workers. We're going to hire a lot of them. Get ready. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would've never started if I were president.
It would've never happened. It would've never happened, the war in Ukraine, all those people that are dead, all those cities that are destroyed, all those magnificent domes, golden domes that are laying on their sides, smashed to smithereens. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III 100 percent.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a large-scale, massive missile defense shield, all of it made in the U.S., much of it made in Michigan. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.
C., making them safe and clean and beautiful once again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school. And we will keep men out of women's sports right away, day 1.
I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years and years of building up foreign nations, defending our foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build our own country. We are going to take care of our own people.
We will defend our borders and protect our citizens, and we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and filled with the possibility for those that want to really work hard of the American dream.
We're going to have the American dream back in our country. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that simply is too big to rig. That's what we're doing right now. [Applause] Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and vote. Does everybody give me their word they're going to go out and vote, everybody? [Audience responds affirmatively] Please.
We need it, saving our country. We need it. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. You know, this is a little bit sad because in another 11 days, we won't be doing this anymore. Hopefully, we're going to be going on to something very big, but we've had the greatest rallies, the greatest time, and really talking about very bad things but doing it in a positive fashion.
Bad things, bad things happened to our country over the last four years, but we've been doing this, really, together for nine years. And in 11 days, we won't be doing this any longer. We'll be doing other things. So, it's a little bit sad because there has never been anything like this done in the history of our country, and probably, it will never happen again.
When you have a candidate in four years, they'll come to your beautiful Michigan, and they'll bring with them about 200 people. It's not going to be like this. I'm going from here to another wonderful place, and we're going to have big crowds. No, there's never been any -- the spirit, I don't know if it's ever going to be replicated, but I just want to tell you I love you all.
I love you all. [Applause] Thank you. [Audience chants "We love Trump"] Thank you very much. With your help from now until election day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
I will never give in. I will never give up. I will never back down. And we will never, ever, ever, ever, ever surrender. [Applause] Together, we will fight, fight, fight and vote, vote, vote. Get out there and vote. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America healthy again.
We will make America strong again, make America proud again, make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, Michigan. Good luck. God bless you, Michigan. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you.
Hello, everybody. Hello, Pennsylvania. We love Pennsylvania. Now, a very special hello to Latrobe. Oh, I love Latrobe. You know why? The home of Arnold Palmer. This was the home of my friend, Arnold Palmer, and he loved Latrobe. He turned out to be one of the greatest golfers in the world. He started off very, very poor.
He had no money, just had a lot of talent and a lot of muscle. He was a strong guy. And his father worked at Latrobe golf course, and he was a laborer there. Actually they called him in those days sod carrier. He's a very strong man. He carried sod. They didn't have trucks that they trucked it. They had strong people carrying.
He was the strongest of them all. And he had a son, but they had no money. And he worked at Latrobe, and they treated him good because he could do more work than anybody else. And his son had started to grow up and he realized his son was very strong like him, but he never had a chance to play golf. He had no money at all.
And his son was named Arnold. And when Arnold was four and five years old, they had no money to buy a club. He couldn't buy one club, not one. And they used to go to the back of -- this was all told to me by Arnold, so I have it firsthand. They used to go to the bad room where the members were and they took out members' clubs and they'd use the members' clubs, two or three of them at night, late at night.
And he hit balls with his son and he'd watch his son's every move. And he realized his son had great talent. And then his son got older and stronger, and then he got stronger and stronger. And his father started saying, "Wow, this is really crazy, what's going on with this kid." And finally, he was able to save up enough money to get him some clubs, but they weren't strong enough.
Arnold was breaking them. He'd swing a regular club, and it'd break the hell out of it because he was so powerful. And they went back to the members' bags because they couldn't afford another set and used very stiff shafted clubs, very strong for those of you that aren't golfers. That's for good golfers with power, very stiff shafted.
And he'd get better and better. And then he went to high school, and he won all sorts of championships, one after another. He'd beat the rich kids, he'd kill them. He'd beat them so badly. He loved beating them, even though he was a nice guy but he was tough. He was a tough cookie, Arnold. I got to know him really well, and he'd beat them over and over again.
And then he got a set of clubs and he got even better. And he won every championship. And he got into Wake Forest. You know that, right? Wake Forest. And he was immediately, as a freshman, the captain of the team. And there was a man named Mark McCormick. And Mark McCormick founded IMG. That's one of the biggest entertainment companies in the world today.
And he wanted to be a professional golfer. He didn't go to Wake Forest, he went to another college, another school, and I won't say which, because honestly I didn't want to look it up. It wasn't worth it, but a good golf college. And he wanted to be a pro. He's a very good golfer, very, very good. And he had the privilege of playing Arnold Palmer in a match between Wake Forest and his college.
And the way he tells it, he was playing fantastically well, Mark McCormick, a very famous man actually, founder of the biggest entertainment company. And he was playing very well, playing Arnold. Arnold was just Arnold. He was just better than anybody else in college. And somebody shouted over to Mark McCormick, "How are you playing?" He said, "I'm playing great. Can't play better."
How are you doing? "I'm six down." And he realized at the end of that match that he would never be a pro because he could never beat a guy like this. It wasn't close. He said, "He was longer, straighter, chipped better, putted better, and thought better. Other than that, they were very close." But he gave it up.
He said, "I'm not going to be a golfer," but he went to Arnold. He said, "Arnold, you're going to be turning pro and you're going to make a lot of money. And my second choice was to start representing people that are talented and I'd like you to be my first client." And they made a deal where Arnold owned a big piece of the company, and Arnold started winning immediately, started winning immediately, made a lot of money for him.
And Mark McCormick became the agent. And then because of Arnold's success, IMG, which most of you know, it's very, very big now, Hollywood stars, everything, IMG became well-known. And he started signing a lot of other players and a lot of other people. And then he started with Hollywood and they signed Hollywood stars.
And it became the biggest of those companies like William Morris and all of them. And it was all because of Arnold. Arnold owned a big piece of it. Arnold was a very rich man. And I said to Arnold -- I got to know him when he was 69 years old. And I played pretty much with him, a lot of them. And as he got older -- you know, when you get older, you start to lose a thing called distance.
And I'm a good golfer. Not like that but I'm a good golfer. And I felt so good because I was hitting it a little bit longer than Arnold. But he was by this time about 75, 76, and I'd hit it four or five yards past him. I said, "Arnold, let me ask you, 30 years ago, 40 years ago, was I longer than you?" He said, "Donald" -- I wasn't president or close at that time.
That was long before I decided to have this fun. But you're talking about a great man. I said, "Arnold" -- and he was still plenty long, but I said, "Arnold, do you think I was longer than you like I am now 30, 40 years ago?" He goes, "Donald, let me tell you a little secret. You weren't even close." He said, "You see that tree out there?" He pointed to a tree that was about 70 yards in front of us.
He said, "That's where I would drive it. And you're about 70 yards short of that tree. You would've been even worse then." And it's true. He won, I think it was Pine Valley, one of the great courses. He won the US Open. He drove a par four, only person ever to drive that hole until that time. He drove it in a playoff, to win the playoff.
He went over the trees, very risky shot. He ended up driving the green and he won with a birdie in the hole. And nobody till that point had done anything like it. But I said to Arnold -- he became very rich because of the investments and the IMG and all of the different things. And I said to Arnold, "Just out of curiosity, you could live anywhere in the world. You could live on the Pacific Ocean. You could live on the Atlantic Ocean, you could live anywhere in the world. Why did you choose to stay?"
And part of the beauty is that because he made money right away. A lot of times it takes a pro years before they start making the money. It's a very, very difficult sport actually. But he started right away making money. And, you know, the first thing he bought was Latrobe Golf Club. And you know the first thing he did? He took his father from a laborer to make him the course superintendent.
How cool is that? And then ultimately, his father became the manager of the club. And Arnold was so proud, and his father was good. He said, "One thing with my father, nobody's going to steal on me." He said that. And I said that, too. I said, "There's something nice." And then I took Arnold when he was quite old, in all fairness -- we took a helicopter from where he was in Florida to Doral.
I own Doral, which is a great place. And it's got four courses and many championships. Many of the best championships were at Doral. And I was building these beautiful -- they call them villas, about 88 units in each one, hotel villas. And I named them after the 10 greatest golfers, including like Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Slammin' Sammy Snead, all great players.
And I said, "Arnold, I really want to name one after you. Would you like it?" He said, "I'd love it. I'd be honored to have that." And we flew down for the opening ceremony to cut a ribbon for the Arnold Palmer Villa. And to this day, people just love it. And I'll never forget the day, he was having a little hard time.
He was a little older. He hit the 80s. He hit the 80s, but he was still -- when he got up there, he had that magic like nobody had. And there were a few golfers that could -- you could say maybe slightly better, a few, not many, but there was nobody that had his magic. He was a thriller. He was unbelievable.
He knew how to win, and he knew how to just do whatever it was that electrified a crowd. If I had him here right now with me, this crowd would be going absolutely crazy. They'd say, "Trump, get off the stage. We want Arnold Palmer to speak." He would electrify a crowd and he would go for shots that nobody else could do and they were risky as hell.
And sometimes, it wouldn't work out, but usually it did with him. He was an incredible man. He was an incredible champion. And he came from Latrobe. And so when I said -- a couple of days ago, I said, "Where are we going to be today?" They said, "Sir, we're going to be at Latrobe." I said, "Do you know what that means?" "No, sir. What does it mean?"
I said, "That means Arnold Palmer," because Arnold told me he could be, and I knew he could be. They wanted him everywhere. Just like I wanted to name a villa after him. Everybody wanted him. He could have been in any place he wanted. He said, "No, this is where I want to be. This is the place I love. I mean, how good is that, right? And he died a very proud owner of this course. And he was always tinkering with it. I said, "
Arnold, what are you doing?" He said, "Well, I'm moving the whole four yards back." I said, "Nobody knows the difference, Arnold." And he said, "I don't care. I love it. I love this place." He could not get enough of Latrobe. So, I've been here before, and I told the story before, not in this kind of detail, because you have these teleprompters. If I would read it off a teleprompter, it wouldn't be so good, and it would be a lot shorter. It wouldn't be as good. And I didn't want to do that. I said, "
When I come here, I'm going to tell them the real story of Arnold." But Arnold Palmer was all man. And I say that in all due respect to women, and I love women, but this guy, this is a guy that was all man. This man was strong and tough. And I refuse to say it, but when he took showers with the other pros, they came out there, they said, "Oh my God, that's unbelievable."
I had to say it. I have to say it. We have women that are highly sophisticated here, but they used to look at Arnold, this is bad, but he was really something special. Arnold was something special. So, I just want to tell you, you're very lucky, the people that live in Latrobe, and it's an honor for me to be here because of him.
Actually, he was a great man. And I don't think there would be golf -- to the extent that you have it today, it probably wouldn't be that way without the great Arnold Palmer. So, enjoy it, everybody. Enjoy it. And I had to tell you the shower part of it, because it's true. What can I tell you? We want to be honest.
We want to be upfront. It's true. But I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. I'd like to begin by asking a question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago [Audience responds "Yeah"] after living through this nightmare of inflation, invasion, and humiliation? You know what the invasion is, right? Invasion by the southern border.
What they've done to our country is unbelievable, allowing more than 21 million people into our country. Many of them are murderers, many of them are drug dealers, and they're from mental institutions. He says, "Send them back." You right. Do you come from the Latrobe by any chance? Yeah, he does. But Americans are ready to be free from Kamala Harris.
Do you know that whenever I use the word Harris, everybody says, "Who's Harris?" They have no idea who Harris is. That's true. They have no idea who's Harris, but Kamala -- and to reclaim the future that is rightfully yours, you're going to reclaim it. This election is a choice between whether we will have a incredible four more years of failure, such a horrible four years.
Everything they touched turns to -- everything, inflation, Afghanistan. How about Afghanistan? Most embarrassing moment in the history of [Audience boos] everything they've touched. Even now, he's telling Israel -- everything he said to Israel was exactly the opposite. He's the greatest -- I will say this about Biden.
He's the single greatest expert on foreign policy in history. You know what that means? If you did the exact opposite of what he suggested every single time, you'd go down as the greatest foreign policy president in history, if you did the exact opposite. Everything's a failure. And he's telling Bibi Netanyahu, "Don't do this. Don't do that. Don't do this. All our great congressmen are there. Don't do any of these things."
And Bibi didn't listen to him. And I tell you what, they're in a much stronger position now than they were three months ago, that's for sure. Nobody's ever seen anything like this happen. And Bibi called me today and he said, "It's incredible what's happened." I said, "It's pretty incredible." But he wouldn't listen to Biden because if he did, they wouldn't be in this position.
And she's worse than him. She's not as smart as him. And I'm not saying he's the smartest. I'm not saying he's the smartest, but she's not as smart as him. And I think maybe based on early results, maybe he'd be doing better than her. We have results coming out where we actually now don't have to rely on the polls.
We are doing good on the polls, but we don't have to rely on the polls. Remember, they stole the election from an American president. They stole it. I could say coup. I don't even want to call it, they just stole the election. They said, "We're taking the election away." He got 14 million votes and he won.
Twenty-two people running, 22 Democrats, they're running. I'm looking at my hair up there. Let's see. Oh, I don't like it. I don't like it. Excuse me, I'm going to recomb my hair. Do you mind? I'll leave the stage for five minutes. I'm going to recomb my hair, Mr. Future Senator. We have David down here, Mr.
Future Senator. You've got to get him in. You're doing good, too. Well, let's keep it the way it is. Let's just keep going, right? We'll trudge through it. But this election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of failure and disaster. And that's what it's been. It's been failure.
We're disrespected all over the world. They're laughed at all over the world. They're laughing at him and they're laughing at her. The other night, they had Catholic charities. They had the biggest event, the Al Smith Dinner. It's the biggest event of the year for Catholics. And she's the only one in years, decades that didn't show up.
She didn't show up. She wouldn't be there. [Audience boos] She wouldn't be there. She said no, and she ended up doing a tape that was pathetic and it was an insult to Catholics frankly because she was actually sort of knocking them or knocking religion. Then she had the other event the other day where she said, "You're in the wrong location," when they started talking about a certain subject, which basically was a knock on Christianity and a knock on religion because she doesn't know what the hell she's saying.
But they had been a failure. It's been a disaster. Or you're going to have four years and they will be the four greatest years in the history of our country if we make the proper decision. You've got to make that decision. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much. By the way, if you're Catholic, you can't vote after that and you can't vote for another reason.
That administration has been persecuting Catholics. It's been persecuting Catholics. I don't know why. Persecuting a lot of people. Persecuting politicians. I'll raise my hand, but we're kicking their ass. They are bad. They are bad. They are bad. Guy is going to jail. They've never done this. This has never happened.
It happens in third-world countries, in banana republics. They go after -- it's called weaponization. They weaponize their justice departments. I call it the Department of Injustice. Ours is the Department of Injustice, but we're doing well. We won the big case in Florida. You saw that? That was the big one.
That was the big one. That was the big one. They're going to get him on that one. Oh, they're going to get him. We had a judge who was brilliant and fair and very smart. She ruled against them, very strongly against them. These are dishonest people that we're dealing with, but we won that. And we have other ones.
We have them on the ropes. Remember, they were going to have me in oh such a trouble. I'm going to be in trouble. And in the meantime, it's just weaponization of government. That made me more popular. It actually made me more popular, I think. That's crazy. Because people can see, and they're smart, and we could sometime explain it, but one after another -- you had Fani, F-A-N-I, which is usually pronounced Fanny, and she added a little action to it, Fani.
That was a scam. They're all scams. They're all scams. It's a corrupt system, and it's a corrupt justice department, and it's a corrupt DA, corrupt attorney generals. They use it to get elected because you can't get elected with open borders, with transgender operations all over the place, [Audience boos] with men playing in women's sports, [Audience boos] with high taxes and banned schools.
No school choice. You can't get elected with all -- I could go on for 10 minutes. Your vote will decide whether we give up on America or whether we save America. It is the most important election you're ever going to have. [Audience responds "Yeah"] Really is. By the way, how nice is this place? Isn't it beautiful? Look, people, as far as you can see, they give you a little extra security nowadays, you notice? Hey, I got more machine guns than I've ever seen in -- look at these guys.
I got more machine guns. [Audience chants "USA"] I never saw guns like those. I said to my son, Don -- he knows a lot about guns, and Eric knows a great shot. They really understand. I said, "What kind of a gun is that?" They said, "Dad, you don't even want to know." They are serious guns. We've got more guys, and everyone who's like central casting too.
Holy shit, I'm looking. They look like Arnold Palmer. They look like Arnold. Can't look better than Arnold. But with your support, we'll bring back our nation's strength, dominance, prosperity, and pride. We're going to do it. This will be America's new golden age. One hundred years from now, the presidential election of 2024 will be looked upon as America's greatest victory.
I hope that's true because we've been through so much together, and the finish line is finally in sight. After four horrendous years, Kamala Harris can't say one thing that she'd do differently, right? You heard that. If you vote for me, I will end inflation, I will bring jobs back to our country. We'll flood our shores with companies and jobs.
We'll seal our borders immediately, and we'll let people in. We had the safest border in the history of our country. Hold it, put up my favorite sign of all time, put up my favorite graph. I have to use it, my favorite graph. So, the red arrow on the bottom, that's the lowest number of illegal immigrants to come into this country.
And by the way, we want people to come into the country, but they have to come in legally just so we understand, right? She's going, "Yeah." We want it, we need them. We're going to need them because we're going to have so many companies come in just through adjustments in tariffs and taxes. They're going to be pouring into our country, and they're going to stay here because we're going to protect them with tariffs.
The word tariff is the most beautiful word in the dictionary. More beautiful than love. More beautiful than respect. No less beautiful than religion, though. I don't want to get into that argument, but the word tariff is the most beautiful word in the dictionary. Remember that. It's going to make our country rich, and our politicians were too stupid for so many years or something else was going on.
He goes, "Crooked." That could be. Because it's so simple to understand, but look at that. So, that was the day I left office, that lower red arrow. That's the lowest point. And look what happened to our country after that. Look at that. [Audience boos] And that was done by Border Patrol, which we love.
Oh, by the way, Border Patrol gave us their total and complete endorsement, and it's hard. They're not actually supposed to do it. They said, "Well, let them take all 29,000 of us and let's see what happens to this country." No, they're not -- in theory, you know, you work for the government. They couldn't help.
And they said, "She's horrible." They said, "She's horrible." It wasn't just -- they said, "You're the greatest president in the history of our country." Some only said, "The greatest in our lifetime." They had a unanimous endorsement from everybody. And they said at the same time, "She's the worst we've ever had by far."
And now she's running. And I tell you, I think that the border -- I was just saying to Byron Donalds in the plane. Right, Byron? I was just - stand up, Byron, what a great guy. Look at that black hat. So, you know what? You know who the founder of that hat is? Elon. Elon Musk. He's like the founder. I said -- you know, we sell that.
I think we sell about two a year. Now, it's the hottest hat we have. And, you know, Elon came up -- Elon Musk gave us his total endorsement. How good is that? I mean, he's the one that landed that rocket. That rocket came in. I said, "That sucker is not going to make it." I was actually on the phone talking to somebody.
It was crazy. And I'm talking to this person and I'm saying, "Wait a minute. Something's happening. I got to hold. Just hold it." I put the phone -- and it was a very important person. I'm looking at something on the screen. I'm seeing this 24-story tube come down, and it looked like it was getting -- Congressman, it looked like it was getting a little bit close to the gantry, or whatever the hell they call that nowadays.
I said, "Oh my God." And I put the phone down. Very important person, by the way. I won't tell you who, it'll be embarrassing, because I never picked up the phone again. I was sitting there for -- and because I was the president and because I'm leading, which is probably more important to him, the guy didn't hang up.
He was on the phone, 45, 50 minutes waiting. I just saw, "Oh, the phone's off the hook. Hello, hello." But I saw this thing come down, this tube, this giant tube, and I put the phone, I said, "Just a second." I said, "I don't believe it," because I had the sound off. I turned the sound up and it came down and I said, "It's going to crash. Don't crash."
Actually, at first, I thought it was like a movie or something. I never saw this before, and I've seen a lot. And it came down and it was going into the -- and then all of a sudden you see the fire pouring out of the left side, pushed it over. It landed perfectly, and then it was grabbed by two claws, two giant claws, and they grabbed it like Willie Mays would catch a fly ball in center field, right? That's the way it was.
He was pretty good, Willie. And they came down and I called Elon. I said, "Elon, is that you?" He said, "That was me." I said, "Can anyone else do that?" "No." "Can the United States do it?" "No." " Can Russia do it, China do it?" "No, nobody can do that." He said, "They're 10 years behind." This guy is great.
And he said, "If Donald Trump doesn't win, it could be the end of democracy in our country, it could be the end of our country." And you know where he is today? He's in another part of the Commonwealth. Never ever make the mistake of calling it a state, by the way. It could be career ending. I had a friend that did that, a politician.
He used to be a politician. It shouldn't be that big a deal because a lot of people make that mistake. That's one I could understand somebody making, but we call it the Commonwealth. But Elon endorsed me. He's in another part of the Commonwealth, and he's campaigning now, and he's got -- actually, he's got a gold.
He's got a gold cap, but he called it. He was wearing the black hat in Butler, Pennsylvania. We had 101,000 people, Butler, honoring Corey, the fire fighter. Butler, Pennsylvania, we had 101,000 people. It was unbelievable. What a night that was. And we were honoring Corey and two gentlemen who were very badly hurt.
We thought they weren't going to make it, the doctors up there. They have good doctors. These are good doctors. I don't know if they call them country doctors, but whoever they are, they were good because these were two men that were not -- the two great supporters who were not supposed to make it. And they made it.
And they made it. They'll be OK. But Corey didn't make it. And we honored Corey. It was the most beautiful evening, right? We had a moment of silence, and then we had the bells of Notre Dame, right? Notre Dame playing. And then we had an opera singer who sounded just like Pavarotti. I mean, the guy was unbelievable, and he sang Ave Maria, and the whole place was crying.
It was crazy. I'm looking at the audience. Some of my friends were there, almost as tough as the football players that we have. We have some of the great football players. Almost as tough. I don't know if you guys did, but they were tough cookies, and I see them crying. They're trying to be cool. You know, "no, I wasn't crying," but the whole place was crying.
It was amazing. It was 101,000 people. So, we will regain our sovereignty, we will restore our safety, and we will unlock the magnificent destiny that is just within our reach. And I am asking you to be excited about the future of our country. Again, you're going to be excited. This is going to be the most exciting period ever.
Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. It really is. I mean, if you put these lunatics in charge any longer, we can't take it any longer. They're laughed at. They're laughed at by foreign leaders. They can't even believe it. They can't even believe it.
Biden can't find his way off a platform. She's worse. I wonder if she's going to have any trouble. No, she should be probably OK in that regard. But she's worse up here. Pennsylvania, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris, who shouldn't be there, she shouldn't be. She's a threat to democracy.
The way they took over. They called me a threat to democracy, right? She's a threat to democracy because she shouldn't even be the candidate. They should have picked a candidate fairly, not just given her because they want to be politically correct. I mean, whether you like him or not, we had the debate, and his numbers went down.
He didn't have a good night, but that can happen. But that happens. And the numbers go down. And they went down, and they went into them. They said, "We're not going to let you run. We're going to take it away." That's crazy. Nancy went in, Chuck Schumer went in. Some of the people went in. They took it away from him.
They just took it away from him. It's bad. And that is a threat to democracy if you think about it, right? That's a real threat to democracy. But you have to tell Kamala Harris. [Audience responds "You're fired"] And by the way, I think he would've -- let's see what happens. And I may be wrong, but let's see what happens.
I think he might've done better than she's going to do because all we had to do is expose her as a lunatic left, further left than Pocahontas. Do you know who Pocahontas? Elizabeth Warren. She's further left than Pocahontas, and I don't want to get into that stuff, but her mother said she was Indian because she had high cheekbones.
That's what she said. And then she went out and did a test because I was driving her crazy, calling her Pocahontas. So, she fell for the trap, and she did a test, and she was so happy, because it came back 1,014th, remember, 1,014th, and that was it. That means I had more Indian blood in me than she had, and I have none.
I have none. I'd like to have some. I would like to have some. I'd be honored, but I have more, and I have none. But she was so happy when she got -- think of that. That was what happened. That was the end of her career. That was the end of her presidential run. She was leading for the president. And when she said -- you got to understand, just these are the people we're dealing with, she took that Indian heritage and based on the fact -- and this is her statement.
This is not me. There's no racist anything in me, not a drop, but this is not me. Her mother told her this, that she had high cheekbones, and therefore she was part Indian. And based on that, she applied to colleges. She applied for jobs, she applied for the US Senate, and everyone's forgotten that crap right now, but I never forget it.
But she went out, and she had the test, and the test was ridiculous, basically. And then I said that I have more than she does, and I would love to. I will tell you, but she's bad news. But she's radical, left crazy. She drives people -- what she does to business people is horrible. She's a horrible person, but she's radical left and crazy.
Bernie is radical left. And this one, Kamala, is further left than them. So, you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough, that you just can't take it anymore. We can't stand you. You are a shit vice president. The worst. You're the worst vice president. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here.
You're fired. Get out of here. Get the hell out of here, Kamala. Early voting in Pennsylvania is now underway. Go and vote. Just go and vote. Get out there. And if you've not registered to vote, you only have two days left. You have to get out there and register immediately. Does everybody promise they're going to register? OK? Boy, look at the crowd.
Wow. Wow. Hello, everybody. How did the flyover look? Good? Good. You know, it feels like you're very close to the ground. I said, "Are we OK here?" You know, when you're -- it looks like OK from here, but let me tell you, you're in that plane, that sucker feels low. I'm saying, "I hope everything's working nicely on that plane."
With your help, 17 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again, right? [Audience chants "Trump"] And I'm in big trouble tonight. You know why? Franklin Graham wrote me. You heard this. Like two months ago. He said, "President, we love your stories. We love your speaking. We love everything about you. You're a great Christian. We love everything about you, but sir, please, please don't use any bad language, bad words."
He said, "Your stories will even be better." And I wrote them back. I said, "I'm going to try and do that, but actually the stories won't be as good." Because you can't put the same emphasis on -- so, tonight I broke my rule. I've done it for weeks, but tonight I just said, "Look, I'm in Pennsylvania. What the hell?"
[Audience responds "Yeah"] What the hell? I went to school here. I went to school. I went to the great Wharton School of Finance here. What a great school that was, too. What a great school. So, if we win Pennsylvania, we win the whole damn thing, right? [Audience responds "Yeah"] And starting on day one of my new administration, I will end Kamala Harris' war on Pennsylvania energy because you know she's going to ban fracking, right? A 100 percent. [Audience boos]
You know, she was against fracking, against all this stuff, and then all of a sudden, about a year and a half ago when she was getting killed in the polls, she said, "I like fracking very much." Look, they always go back to what they want. They always go back. She can't help it. She's a radical left Marxist.
She can't help it. But we're going to end that, and we will frack, frack, frack, and drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to be drilling so deep. We're going to be -- for these guys, we're going to drill. We're going to take out so much money. We're going to pay down our debt.
We're going to lower your taxes. You know, I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country and the biggest regulation cuts in the history of our country. And we had the best economy in the history of our country, and we had the best border in the history of our country. Other than that, what the hell? I did other things, too.
I rebuilt the military, and unfortunately, they gave a lot of it away to the Taliban. These geniuses, [Audience boos] these stupid people like Milley, General Milley. [Audience boos] Remember his performance in Congress? General Milley and Mattis, all these guys, what a bunch of lightweights. But we have great generals, but they're the ones you don't see on television.
They're the ones that actually have to fight. Like we defeated 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate with great generals and great -- we have a great military, but not the ones you see on television. Not the movie actors that you see. Kamala has said repeatedly, she wants to ban fracking, which would kill over 500,000 jobs in Pennsylvania alone. Watch this. [Audience boos]
[Audience boos] So, when she does that, that's the end of Pennsylvania as we know it. It's your most important, not only from the standpoint of 500,000 jobs, it's 500,000 jobs, but in terms of income for the state, you would have to double and triple your taxes to make up. And she's going to do it. She's going to do it.
She's going to do it. And you know, the other thing, the taxes. You know what an unrealized capital gain is? OK? It's called -- I'll tell you what it is, communism is what -- so, she wants to have a tax -- so, capital gains tax is terrible, it's rough, but, you know, you sell something, you can pay the tax.
She wants an unrealized capital gain every year so that if something goes up in value, now you have to go out. It'll be a great business for appraisers and for lawyers and for accountants. Other than that, it's a disaster. She wants an unrealized -- and she refuses to say that, "No, we're not going to do that."
She refuses -- think of it. It's an unrealized gain. She wants that. So, she wants to tax an unrealized gain. This woman is crazy. I will terminate the Green New scam immediately. It's the greatest scam in history. [Audience boos] I will stop the energy price hikes. I will rescind the natural gas export ban, which is killing your state, by the way, and we will have energy independence.
You know, we were energy-independent four years ago. Think of it, energy-independent. We're still going to be energy dominant. And I will cut your energy and electricity prices in half within 12 months of taking office, 50 percent. We have it. It's under our feet. We don't have to get it from Venezuela.
We get it from Venezuela. The whole thing's not believable. For most of American history, Pennsylvania was the commercial and industrial powerhouse of the United States, but year after year, globalist, radical left politicians and incompetents like Kamala Harris have waged a war on your Commonwealth.
They've annihilated your steel mills, decimated your coal jobs, assaulted your oil and gas jobs, and sold off your manufacturing jobs to China and foreign nations all over the world. Under the Trump administration, we are going to take back what is ours. We will end the looting and pillaging of Pennsylvania and many other states all over our country.
We will bring back our manufacturing jobs, our energy jobs, our coal jobs, our steel jobs, and our dreams. And it's all very simple. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market anywhere on the planet.
But only if they make their products right here in America. If they don't, they have to pay a higher -- and only if they hire American workers for the job, and they will. They'll all be coming. They'll be pouring in. If these companies don't make their product here, then they will pay a tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished companies.
We're going to protect our workers and our company. It's all very simple. We don't do any of this now. I was going to do it, and then COVID came, and I said, "We got to fight that one." We did a great job with that. You know, I got great credit for the economy, for the military. We were in no wars. Think of it.
I started no wars. Everybody thought I'd be in a war. I'll be in a war in two days. No, it didn't work out. I was -- my personality stopped wars. Stopped wars. It stopped wars in countries that we weren't even involved. I was able to stop wars with other countries that we weren't even that involved with just by making a couple of phone calls.
I saved a lot of lot of lives. We will call this policy the Build It in America plan because when foreign leaders and CEOs call me up to complain about our tariffs, my answer will be very simple to them, "Build it in America, build it in Pennsylvania." We're going to build a lot. We're going to have all those hulks that you have all over the place, the big empty hulks that we have all over our country.
They're going to be loaded up with companies. Honestly, they'll be ripped down, and you'll see modern buildings built, modern manufacturing built. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent made-in-America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 percent to 15 percent, but again, only for those who make their product in the USA.
And remember, I got it down to 21. Everyone said it would be impossible to get approved by Congress. I got it approved by Congress, but I got it down to 21 percent. It was close to 40 percent. I got it down to 21 percent. Nobody thought that was possible. Now, I'm taking it from 21 percent down to 15 percent.
The companies are going to roar in because 21 percent is very competitive. Fifteen percent is really, it's amazing. I mean, companies are going to want to be here, but they have to be protected from other companies coming in from the outside and raiding the jobs, the products. And that's what we're doing with the tariffs.
And for those companies who don't make their product in America, they will be forced to pay a very stiff tariff. And we will make it and take it. Hundreds of billions of dollars are going to come in through tariff dollars to benefit American citizens, and we're going to pay off debt and reduce your taxes still further.
Again, I gave you the biggest tax cut in history. We'll be able to do it still further. And remember this, for decades, nobody paid. China never paid one penny, not one penny to us until I came along. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes under me. Under Bush, under Obama, they never paid.
They never paid anything, nothing, not a dime. Hundreds of billions of dollars they paid. And that's just the beginning. We're a rich country, but we don't know how to be rich. We just don't know how to be. But we're going to be rich, and we're going to be richer than ever before. We're going to take care of ourselves.
It's going to be America first. It's also going to be -- we'll help the world. We want to help the world, but it's time that we take care of ourselves. We owe $36 trillion dollar. We're going to take care of ourselves first. [Audience chants "USA"] And I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers.
I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth. And I will also protect our steel industry. If you guys remember, we were going to lose our steel.
We had the worst policy on steel. China was coming in and others, dumping steel onto our shores. And we would've had no steel industry left. And I put a tariff, a big tariff on all steel coming in. It was not good steel either. It was what we call dirty steel. It was bad steel, bad structurally, very dangerous, actually.
But they were dumping steel into our country, destroying our steel mills. And I put a big tariff, and it all stopped when I did that, it all stopped. And we took in hundreds of billions of dollars, and it all stopped. And, you know, we slashed foreign steel exports. All these exports that were pouring in, they stopped to the level of about 25 percent.
Nobody could believe it. And I hadn't even started yet. We were just getting ready. We were going to make this country richer than it had ever been before. You know, in the 1890s and 1880s, our country was actually the richest it ever was. They had to form committees to determine, how are we going to spend this vast wealth? We had so much wealth, relatively speaking, so much wealth, more than anybody by far.
And they formed up blue ribbon committees, "How are we going to spend the money? We don't know how to spend it." Wouldn't that be a nice problem to have? And it was all the tariff -- we were a tariff country. And McKinley was president. William McKinley was actually a great president, was assassinated, by the way.
He was assassinated. You know, being president is a very dangerous profession. If you're an auto racer, you know how many people die? About one-tenth of 1 percent. If you're a bull rider, that's dangerous. That's more dangerous than playing in the NFL, right, fellas, what do you think? I think it's a little more -- I don't know, it's pretty dangerous.
We got a couple of big, big deals over here, but I think that bull riding stuff, that looks bad. One-tenth of 1 percent about the same as the auto racing. If you're president, take a look, it's about 5 percent, 6 percent. That's a lot better. But it's only good if you want to do one thing. You want to make your country strong and wonderful and great, and that's what I'm doing.
But it's a dangerous profession, and we can't let it be a dangerous profession. We have to have better everything. Actually, we have to have better respect from countries that look at us because we have to let them -- I'm still waiting for Biden to say, "If you do anything to this guy that I hate, I hate Trump. But if you do anything to him, we're going to blow your country to pieces."
And then you wouldn't need all this glass up here. You wouldn't need all the glass. And other presidents have said that. And even if it's your opponent, and even if it's somebody that helped them force you out of an election, which I didn't want to do, but you got to do that, regardless. Opponent or no opponent, you got to let a country know that you're going to play around, we're going to blow you to pieces, and then everything will stop.
It'll be amazing. But today I'm honored to receive the endorsement of three union locals representing US Steel, Mon Valley. And if they want, I'd like to call them up to the stage, including union leaders, Brian Pavlak and Richard TK, and Jason Zugeis. Would you come on up here, fellas? Looking at them.
You're good-looking people. Good-looking guy. Yeah. [off-mic] [Audience chants "USA"] Would somebody like to say something?
Please, go ahead.
Good.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
It's my honor. Thank you very much. [off-mic]
That's good one.
I heard about that. [off-mic]
That's another one. [crosstalk]
Yeah, let's go. Come on. Let's do it real fast, fellas. [off-mic] Thank you. Thank you, everybody.
Thank you, let's take a picture, come on. [off-mic] They've got it outside. OK, he's got it right there. Let's go. We got to get back. Thank you, fellas. [off-mic] [Audience chants "USA"]
Thank you. Thank you, fellas.
Thank you very much. That's a lot of strength up here, a lot of great people, actually. Thank you very much, have a good time. Have a good time.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. They said you did stay. We really did. We saved the steel industry in this country. Now we're going to make it really powerful again, along with autos. Great guys, great people. Those are great people. And that have been beaten up for a lot of years unfairly because we had stupid politicians or corrupt politicians, I'm not sure which.
I'm also honored to have the overwhelming endorsement of the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters. That never happened before, never happened before, never happened before. And also we have something else, the law enforcement. Virtually every group in the United States from law enforcement, every single group.
The sheriffs, the police, the Fraternal Order, 400,000 police, they all endorsed me, so thank you very much. Thank you. I don't think she has one. She's a disaster. She want to defund -- she was involved in defund the police. I think when you defund the police, that's the end of that. With four more years of Kamala, Harris, Pennsylvania will be an economic wasteland.
That's going to happen. And I'll tell you with me, you're going to make more money than they've ever made before. You're going to have the best salaries, the lowest taxes. You're going to be doing better than you ever did. And we're going to put this into motion fast. You can do it very fast. It's very simple, too.
Kamala's inflation has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices, and now she wants to raise typical family taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. [Audience boos] Just take a look at this video please
[Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.
You know what they said to me up here? "We like the overtime the best." I said, "Yeah, no problem." You like the overtime, right fellas? That's it. I figured you had something. That's right. You're not worried about the tips. You like that overtime, right? But a lot of people like the tips.
And if you're a senior, you know what you like. You want the Social Security, no tax on Social Security. Think of -- no tax. No tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And they deserve it because you know what? Inflation -- with their fixed income, mostly fixed income, inflation has absolutely destroyed our seniors and other people that are on fixed income.
So, I will also make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible. That's a big deal. You know, they said, one of the top guys on Wall Street called up and he said, "You know, we have an incredible situation here. Where did you come up with that?" It's like the paperclip. I said it the other day, like 125 years ago, some guy took some steel and he bent it around a little bit.
He came up with a paperclip and other people looked at it. He made a lot of money, very rich man. And they said, "Why the hell didn't we think of it?" You know, the one having to do with the deductibility of car loans, so simple. And the top guys on Wall Street, real geniuses, they called up. They said, "How did you think of that? It's so simple."
But, you know, to have the American dream, you want to have a car, and I think this is going to be fantastic for Detroit and South Carolina and Tennessee and all of the areas that produce cars. One thing I have to say, also. We have, in Mexico -- and I've been talking about it for the last year and a half.
China is getting ready to build massive car plants, massive, which would wipe out Michigan, would hurt you, but would wipe out Michigan. Detroit would be gone. And they're the biggest plants in the world. I have a friend that does that. He builds plants. He doesn't do anything else. All he wants to do is build plants.
And I called him up a year ago, a little more than that. I said, "I want to see a plant. I want to go see a plant." You think Biden calls people up and says, "I'd like to see a plant?" I don't think so. He wants to go to sleep, and she wants to do other things. We don't know what they are. We'll find out, unfortunately.
No, but I said, "I want to see a plant." He said, "Well, I can't really take you to the US because we're not building the good ones, but the big ones are being built in Mexico." I said, "What do you mean, Mexico?" They're being built by China, and they're the biggest in the world, actually. One plant will be doing more than all of Michigan.
So, I said, "This is not good." And then they think they're going to take the cars, build them, and sell them over to the United States, or go around the little horn and sell them to the United States, and destroy our automobile. And it would. It would destroy. So, I said, "I've had it," and I started talking about tariffs.
We're going to put massive tariffs on these companies that are coming in and destroying our jobs and our companies. And so, I went very public with it for the last four months about tariffs. I love tariffs. I love tariffs. What they can do for you, income and protection, and even third-party things you can do just by the threat of tariffs.
Because we're the pot of gold. We won't be the pot of gold long if we don't do something. So, I was making a speech the other day in Detroit at the Economic Club, which is a great place, beautiful. And talking about cars. And I saw the man that is the great car factory builder who I know, John, I won't give his full name, but John.
And I saw him and I said, "Could I see you after the speech?" I made the speech. I went to see him. I said, "How are those plants coming, the big ones in China?" They said, "Sir, they just canceled them because they think you're going to get elected, and they don't want to build them because they won't be able to pay tariffs."
We just canceled them. I didn't even do anything, and I just saved Detroit. I just saved every car-making state. No, but think of it. And I thought to myself, just the threat of tariffs, they canceled these multibillion-dollar auto factories, auto machines is what they really are. Now, will I get credit for that? I don't think so, but we know.
But he just said, "Because of you, they think you're going to get elected. They think you're going to charge tariffs that are so much that it won't be possible for them to survive." And China just canceled those big, beautiful factories that would've destroyed our country in terms of auto making. And, you know, I think it's great.
And now people are starting to see it. They're saying, "That was a pretty good thing to do." I didn't even do anything. Just a mere threat of that beautiful word kept what we have. Don't forget, a lot of it's been taken over 50, 60 years. We were the greatest powerhouse. We will have that back soon. I think we can compete with it.
We will have that back soon. We're going to have so many auto plants and so many steel plants built in this country now. So, simple too. It's so simple. And, you know, I've been talking about this for the last couple of months, and people are starting to understand it. They're starting to understand it.
And China does it. They've been doing it for a long time. They say, "We don't want your cars. If you want to build a car, you build it in our country." They did it with Harley-Davidson in India. They charge a 200 percent tariff on a motorcycle. They said, "If you want to do this, you have to build it. We don't want your motorcycles. We're going to charge you 200. Harley-Davidson said, "
Sir, we don't sell any in India. Tariff's too high." I said, "What are you going to do?" They said, "We've got to build a plant over there, sir." We're the only one that doesn't do it because we're ruled by corrupt and stupid politicians. But we're doing it now. As we build our economy, we'll also restore our borders.
For four straight years, Kamala has imported an army of illegal alien, gang members, and migrant criminals from prisons and jails. They come from insane asylums and mental institutions and all around the world. They come from Venezuela to the Congo. They come from the Congo now. A lot of them are coming out of the jails of the Congo, and she's resettled them into our communities, to prey upon our innocent American citizens.
No, we're not going to do that. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. We're not going to have it. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. And every day, Kamala is using migrant flights in her phone app. Do you believe they have a phone app for the criminal cartels to call up? "Hello, this is Jose Rodriguez. I'd like to know where do I dispose of my illegal migrants?"
And they tell you where to drop them. Can you believe it? The only thing worse are the flights. They have planes flying over our border, a big beautiful Boeing, 727, 737s, and just like that beautiful plane over there. Isn't it a pretty plane? 757, 767s, they have planes flying back and forth, loaded up with migrants only going one way, by the way, to flood Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin, that's what they're doing, and the entire Midwest with thousands and thousands of illegal migrants.
And many of these are very dangerous people. They'll look at you, they'll cut you up, and they won't even think about it as just one example. The 4,000-person town of Charleroi, Pennsylvania has seen, listen to this, a 2000 percent increase in the population of illegal -- think of that, 2000 percent increase in the population of illegal migrants under Harris.
She doesn't want to be called border czar, but you know what? I don't care. She was in charge of the border. This deficient, this mentally deficient president put her in charge of the border, and she never went there, not once. And she never -- when the Border Patrol last week endorsed me so strongly, I asked them, "How often did you speak to her? You were dealing with her."
They said, "Sir, we never spoke to her once." I said, "Who did she speak to?" There were like 40 guys on the stage, all the leaders of the Border Patrol. She said, "Not one of them did she speak to, not one." Pennsylvania is not going to take it anymore. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang Tren de Aragua.
Has anyone heard of it? You've heard of MS-13. These are right in the same category. You don't get any meaner or tougher, but they're taking over apartment complexes like I do. I'm in the real estate business also. Isn't it -- They do it differently? They do it with guns. I do it with financing. And unleashing a violent terror spree all across America.
This is happening all over. Let's watch.
And it's that way all over America. And I say it's a much bigger -- you know, the polls are saying that the biggest problem is inflation and the economy. I say that's a bigger problem. I'd move inflation and the economy to number two. That is a bigger problem because that's destroying the fabric of our country.
The United States is now an occupied country, but November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. It's going to be liberation day. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 illegal alien convicted murders are on the loose right now in the United States of America. Can you believe it? Just this week, two illegal alien members of the same savage Venezuelan gang were arrested in New York for robbing, shooting, and murdering a 59-year-old man in a Connecticut hotel.
One of these illegal alien monsters was a gotaway. Do you know what that is? These are the illegal gotaways. And the other was caught, but then released into our country by Kamala Harris and her horrible, horrible free open borders. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.
We have no choice. I don't want to do it. The record right now is Dwight Eisenhower, a moderate president that couldn't stand -- he just couldn't stand what was happening with the border many years ago. Dwight Eisenhower or General Eisenhower, he's a good president, but he was a moderate person, but he has every record.
He just couldn't stand watching the borders be crossed by people that weren't citizens of our country. I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in a jail or kick them out of our country immediately. They will get sent back to where they came from.
We have no choice. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Can you believe that? We couldn't have an act like that now because now everything's woke. We have woke generals like Milley and Mattis. We have woke people. They don't do things like this, so we had to go back to 1798 when we had real people running our country.
The Alien Enemies Act of '70 gives us tremendous power to the president to do what's right, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. So, when they come back, if they come back -- when they hear that, they won't come back.
And if that's not good enough, we'll make it 20. And I'm also calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer, right? [Audience chants "Trump"] Kamala's invasion is also bankrupting Medicare and Social Security. She wants to give millions of illegals the benefits you work for your entire lives.
And by the way, by talking about education, Social Security, all of the different benefits, that's why people are pouring up into our country. If you say you're not going to get it, they won't come. They're coming because we say, "Come on up" like that idiot governor from California, Gavin Newsom, [Audience boos] Gavin Newsom.
Did you see the other day he signed a bill that you are not even allowed to ask a person whether or not they have voter ID. If you ask them, it's a criminal penalty. If you say, "Sir, I'd like to see your voter ID," they want to put you in jail for saying that. We're not going to stand -- I'm going to get that thing overturned so fast.
He just signed the bill. Because we want, ultimately, one-day voting, we want paper ballots, we want voter ID, and we want proof of citizenship, and we're finished. And we'll have quick fair elections that will cost 8 percent of the cost of these very beautiful fancy machines that go up to Mars and around and down and all over the place.
You ever see this, where they have machines? We spend all this money in machines, and then they announce we expect to have the results like seven days after the election. If you had paper ballots, you get them at 10 o'clock. France went to paper because what we did didn't work. The mail-in ballots didn't work.
France had them. And you know what? Didn't work. There was a lot of theft, a lot of things going on. They went to paper ballots, same-day voting, 38 million votes. Everything was done by 10 o'clock in the evening. No people complaining, nothing. I will protect, for a fraction -- by the way, for a fraction of the cost.
I will protect our seniors and ensure that federal benefits are for Americans only. I just want them to be only for Americans. Kamala is telling you if you vote for her, it's four more years of the same. Take a look.
That's it. [Audience boos] She'd do nothing different than the worst administration in the history of our country. The happiest person in life, he just turned over 100 years old now, he's over 100, he turned a few weeks ago, Jimmy Carter, he's the happiest man around. You know why? Because he looks brilliant compared to this administration.
The Carter administration is brilliant compared to these people. He didn't destroy our country at the border. Pennsylvania, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. You have to go and vote. Get everybody you can. And ladies and gentlemen, we can start really well. There's a man -- I'm going to call him up real quickly.
His name is David McCormick. He's a great man, been successful at everything. He's smart, he's tough. Everything he did turned out to be great, and I think this is going to be just the start. Vote for him for the Senate. Your particular senator right now is a total stiff. Thank you. Who says he's my best friend.
He just announced he's for me with tariffs. I don't know the gentleman. This is the guy that's going to do it, David McCormick.
Thank you very much, David. David's a good man. And he's going to really represent you, and he's going to work with us on getting your taxes down, etc. We're also joined by representatives, John Joyce, great guy. Where's John? Hello, John. Dan Meuser, who's fantastic, my friend, all my friends, and Byron Donalds of Florida.
And also, I tell you, if you're a football fan, these guys are good. I guess they're going to the game a little bit later or something. Are you going to the game? Are you going or you're going to watch it on television? Former NFL stars, Antonio Brown. Oh, he was a good player. He was a good player. And Le'Veon Bell, really good players.
And Mike Wallace. Come on up, fellas. Come on up.
Nice to meet you. Everything good?
These guys could play. [off-mic]
Thank you. They look good. We're also deeply honored to be joined by Gold Star family members of the service members, several of them who gave their lives in Afghanistan. So, so horrible, so horrible that this had to happen. They're friends of mine. Many of the families are friends of mine. I've gotten to know him over this, and it's just horrible.
Should have never happened, would've never happened. Corporal Hunter Lopez and his family is here. We're honoring these people. Corporal Humberto Sanchez, Staff Sergeant Taylor Hoover, Sergeant Nicole Gee, and Corporal Kareem Nikoui. Thank you very much. Great people. I got to know them very well. Should it never, ever happened.
Thirteen, 13 people and many, many so badly injured. We have to talk about them. I talk about them all the time with the legs and the arms and just obliteration. So, I want to thank you all very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you. I also want to thank Elon Musk, because when I called him on North Carolina and Georgia, as you know, they had almost no -- especially in North Carolina, they had no communication.
The lines were all down a few weeks ago with Hurricane Helene. And I called Elon. They said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "I happen to know him. What do you want?" "We need Starlink." I said, "What does Starlink? Tell me, please. Give me a lesson. Tell me." And they told me, "It's basically great communication, and up to a satellite and back."
And they said, "We just have to have it. We can't get it because it's very hard to get." And I called Elon and he had it there literally in moments. It was amazing how fast he got it there for them. So, I want to thank Elon for doing that. That was great. People of North Carolina. So, we're working very hard for Pennsylvania.
But in breaking news, it was just announced that the highly respected Florida judge who is overseeing our case against the Pulitzer Prize board for awarding their once highly respected prizes to the failing New York Times and the Washington Post. These are really fake newspapers. Call them fake newspapers, but they're fake news, Russia, Russia, Russia stories.
They got the Pulitzer Prize for Russia, Russia, Russia. Turned out to be a fake story. So, I figured, what the hell, on your behalf, I'd sue their ass off. And he's ordered discovery to move full speed ahead. He wants it to go. That means that we will be able to learn the full scale of their lies, deceit, and wrongdoing, and we'll hold these radical lunatics accountable for the lying that they've done to the American people.
What they've done is incredible. Think of it. They got the Pulitzer Prize for their great reporting on Russia, Russia, Russia, and then it turned out to be a hoax, and now everybody knows it. So, I want them to return those Pulitzer Prizes, and I think lots of damages should be awarded to a lot of different people.
So, here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist rated even worse than Bernie. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police, and anybody who wants to defund it could not be president of the United States. We cherish our police, and we're going to give them back their respect and their dignity and let them do the job, and crime will fall.
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. These are tough people. I know a lot of tough people right in this first few rows. They're not tough like these guys. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention at taxpayers' expense. She lied about working at McDonald's, a simple thing. I think very soon, maybe tomorrow or something, I'm going to work the French fry.
I think so. I think I'm doing it tomorrow, and I think it's in a place in Pennsylvania. And I'm going to stand over that French fry. you know, she lied about her. You know, it's a very basic thing to say. They'll say -- oh, look at all that press. That's lot of press. But they're going to say, "Oh, it's so basic."
It is basic, but the basic is easier to understand. She said, as part of a resume, for years, I worked at McDonald's. It's probably tough, but she never worked there. It turned out to be a hoax. So, on top of all of this, Kamala turned on our military and wants to make them woke. Take a look at our real military. Just take a look at it. [Begin videotape]
That wasn't exactly woke. So, in conclusion -- and thank you for being here, everybody. This is beautiful. We'll get you out real fast. We are you going to get you to go watch that game tonight, right? We really do appreciate this kind of crowd, and the love that we've had is incredible. But with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala Harris.
We are going to save America. We're going to rebuild our nation for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. With your support, we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We'll cut your taxes, demolish inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and turn the United States into the manufacturing superpower of the world.
We will hire American, buy American, build American, and show the whole world that the American dream is back, bigger, better and stronger than ever before. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War III. And I'm the one that can do it. I'm the only one that's going to do it.
I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, and resources. And we have to give them respect again. We're going to give them respect like they've never had. And they're going to get rid of crime, and they'll get rid of it quickly and efficiently. We cannot live with the kind of crime that we're living with in our country today.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military, and now we're going to modernize it still further. We will build a missile defense shield all made in the USA, including the Commonwealth is going to build a lot of it. We're entitled to it. We're entitled to it. Others have it. We want it too.
And we will land an American astronaut on Mars. Get ready, Elon. Get ready. We got to land, and we got to do it quickly. But a lot of that has to do with military, the space -- you know, I created Space Force, and it's going to go down. In my opinion, it's just about the most important with time of the forces.
We were way behind Russia and China, and now we're leading them by a lot. It's a great thing, Space Force. First time in 82 years since Air Force that this happened. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools, and we will immediately keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds "Yeah"]
I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. [Audience responds "Yeah"] And we'll end sanctuary cities and stop illegal immigration once and for all. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally.
After years of building up foreign countries, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we will finally be going to build our country, defend our borders, and protect our American cities, suburbs, and towns. We will protect them like they have never been protected before. We will not be invaded.
We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. That's what they're doing. This is an invasion into our country of a foreign military. We will be free and proud as a nation again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day we'll be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda once and for all.
It will happen, will happen. We want a landslide that's too big to rig. So, early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and vote. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. These will be four of the greatest years in the history of our country, and it's going to happen quickly.
With your help, from now until election day, we will redeem America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never back down, ever, ever, ever, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight.
We will vote, vote, vote, and we will win, win, win like we have never won before. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again.
We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless you.
That was a nice introduction. That was --
Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Yeah. Let's end this show right now.
Yeah.
Right.
OK.
I think he's angry. He pretends not to be, but I think he's an angry guy. He's a nasty guy. He's got a little bit of an edge. And, you know, he's -- he's angry about a lot of things. You look at what happened with Biden and you look at what he did with Biden, he really hurt Biden because -- I'm not sure he wouldn't have imploded, anyway.
We had the debate and he was down quite a bit and they walked out and they just took it away from him. I mean, if you think about it, they stole the election from a sitting president. That's -- you know, I -- I always say coup. But the word coup, I don't think it's accurate enough. They just walked in and took it away from him.
That -- that is a legendary thing. He didn't want to give up. He's angry now. They're all angry, the Democrats, if you think. She's angry. They're -- they're both angry. But no, I watched that last week, and I think he spoke down to Black men. I thought it was terrible, the way he spoke to them. But --
No, I don't think it is. No, I don't think he does. I think people have gotten smart. And no, I don't believe he does it all. He's -- I hadn't seen him. He's changed a lot. Visually, he's changed. I'd like to say visually as opposed to from the look standpoint because, of course, looks don't matter anymore in politics, you know.
We say, "Looks don't matter. Doesn't make any different," because we want to be politically correct, but they do matter. But he's -- he's changed. His look has changed actually quite a bit. I haven't seen him in a long time.
Yeah, yeah. Well, no, but the -- the statement he just made was a couple of days ago and that's --
He looks --
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Communism.
Well, no. I mean, that's basically the view. You know, we didn't do anything.
Government did it. Somebody did it, but anybody but us.
I -- I think you don't have that many undecided voters. I think, by now, you have very strong Trump voters. I don't think you have strong -- you have strong Democrat voters, but I don't think you have strong Kamala voters. What's to vote for? I mean, take a look. She can't do an interview. She hasn't -- has she been in here to do an interview?
I don't think you'll see her. You know, I have a --
Well, that'll be interesting. So am I.
But -- I think I am. I don't know. I think -- I think so. But it'll be interesting -- it'll be interesting to see what happens today with Bret Baier. You know, Bret is two people. He can be very nice or he can be himself.
Oh, he was always --
He was always -- no, he was always nasty to me, and --
I don't think he'll be tough on her. I don't think he'll be. Fox is a very disappointing thing. During the day, Fox is just terrible, terrible. And -- but --
Well, that was good. I -- I --
I got sort of -- I got hoodwinked to -- to go on that. You know, I was supposed to make a speech in front of the Chicago Economic Club, which is a big deal, you know, which is a very prestigious place, beautiful. Everything was beautiful. And all of a sudden, I understand, I'm being interviewed by this gentleman, and he's got a reputation for -- for being about -- oh, I'd love to see him do Kamala, which -- he should do Kamala.
That would be beautiful. But he's a tough cookie, and he -- he's the chairman of Bloomberg. He's a big guy. So, all of a sudden, I'm being interviewed, and I wasn't happy about it because I found out that he is -- you know, his reputation precedes him. And -- but I decided to do it. You -- you know, you have a choice, walk out and don't do it and have a scandal or go in and do it and hopefully win or you go in and do it and you get killed, which is probably the worst.
But it was a great -- it was a great interview, actually. And he was nasty, but he wasn't overly nasty, to me. I mean, other people thought he was. I thought nasty was David Muir when he kept interrupting me during the debate and saying false things like when I said crime is way up and he said, "No, no crime is down."
I said, "You're wrong about that. Crime is up." And then two days later, it came out that crime is up.
I mean, to me, that was much nastier than this gentleman. But -- but it was -- it was really a study of business. It was a detailed study of business.
With the Bloomberg.
And people loved it.
Greatest job there is.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Yeah. Right.
Oh, it's --
Yeah, it has a huge impact. The -- the power of the Fed is, I think, pretty strong. Some people disagree with it. They think it's -- you know, it's overridden by the interest rate climate. But I think the power of the Fed is very strong. It's an interesting graph, actually.
Well, they didn't use them to help me.
And Powell, I gave him a hard time because he was raising them. And I was never a big fan of his. He was late and he was early. He was too early and too late, you know. But -- but I had the greatest economy in history. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country despite that. You know, this is another thing I can say.
Despite the fact that they weren't very high, but they were, you know, reasonably high, and despite the rates not being at zero, I had a pretty good -- I had a great -- we had a great run.
Right.
Yeah.
What do you mean by apparently?
No, it's --
It's much better that -- no, no. See, I would never say a thing like that. But you're saying -- don't -- explain what you mean. No, I don't want to put you in trouble. No, no.
I was -- I was going to -- I was going to throw it onto your shoulders apparently. Well, no, you know, you -- you could explain it because I understand [Inaudible]
Yeah.
And do you think Black men, that's why she's not doing well?
Some people say that.
Right.
Right. Right.
Yeah.
Right.
Right.
OK.
Right.
Yeah.
They really lost it for a while, the Republicans. I mean, it went -- and -- and it started, I guess, with Barry Goldwater if you look at the charts. But I did criminal justice reform. That's a big thing. They've been trying to get it. You know, I saw a guy named Van Jones. He's not -- I don't think anybody knows who he is.
He's a commentator for CNN. And he came to see me in the White House, and he was crying.
He was crying because he -- I just -- I have -- I bring these things up because it's a lack of -- I don't know, there's something about loyalty. You have somebody with something. He came in with a fairly large group of people, mostly Black people, and he was devastated because criminal justice reform wasn't going to happen.
Obama didn't do it, and it didn't even come close. Bush didn't try. Nobody -- nobody was going to do it. And I'm the only one that could have done it. And he was with a group of people that was -- they were begging to do it. They were five votes short, and they were -- had to be conservative votes because there was nobody else left, right? And I guess you needed the 61 or 60-something, maybe 66, but 61 is a hard vote.
And he made a plea to me, Van Jones, a total sleazebag. He made a plea to me to help him and help this group of people, and they explained how, for years, they've been trying to get it and they've been unable to get it. And I said, "Well, let's take a look at it." And I studied it for a little while and spoke to them, and I say, "You know what, I'm going to help you. It's going to help the Black people, in particular. And I'm going to get it for you, guys."
And I called up five very conservative senators. And I'll never forget, one of the senators who was in charge of it, he was literally leading the charge against it. And I mean his whole career was this. He was going to stop criminal justice reform, not because he was, you know, anti-Black, just he didn't like it.
He didn't want it. And he was in the papers every day. He's fighting and fighting and winning very easily. And I helped him get elected. Without me, he wouldn't have gotten elected. I'll never forget it. I called him up. Now, he's in the heat of passion. He is fighting this all the way. Not something he would ever give up.
You couldn't -- you know, there's some things you can't. I call him up. He gets on the phone. I didn't say a word. I said hello. And he goes, " I'm giving it to you." I said, "What are you giving me?" "I'm giving you criminal justice reform. That's why you're calling, right?" I said, "It is why I'm calling."
He said, "You got me elected, I disagree with you, but I'm giving it to you." Just like that. I said, "That's one of the coolest things I've ever heard," because I also have the opposite where I got a lot of people elected -- you know, when I endorsed somebody, in history -- and I don't want to brag -- but in history -- you can get another chart on that one -- I mean, I'm like 289 and -- and almost nothing for endorsements.
And he said, "You got me elected. I wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for you." And I did. But I got a lot of people elected, and some of them forget. And I said, "That's the coolest thing." I said thank you. I said, "Do you mind if I call a couple of --" "Nope. You do whatever you want." Now, this is a guy who was the leader of the fight.
I didn't even ask. He knew what I was calling for because he knew that I was going to help Van Jones, this Van Jones guy. I was going to help him. And you'll understand why I'm being nasty to him now because what happened later is disgraceful. So, I said, "Thank you very much, Senator. I'm so happy that I did help you. I think -- I think loyalty is a great thing."
And that was the end. So, I had his vote. I then called four other guys, all of whom were against it. And I said, I'd love to have -- and they -- you know, they don't do it for a lot of presidents, but they do it for me. And I got him five votes that they needed, and criminal justice reform passed, right? Then -- and I was happy for them.
I was happy for everybody. Everybody was happy. They couldn't believe they got it done. And it was something that really the Black population wanted far more than anybody else. I've never even heard it mentioned with other people. It was mostly the Black population. And they've been fighting it for like, what, you'd say 40, 50 years, right?
So, we got it done.
Yeah. So, I got it done. I got something done. I got a lot of things done that nobody else could have gotten done. So, what happens is Van Jones and all, they have -- they call for a news conference that night. The vote was taken. They got it done. And I said to my wife, "Come on over here. This is beautiful. It's a beautiful thing to watch. Watch this. This gentleman was in my office a number of weeks ago and he needed votes and I got it done. It'll be nice to watch somebody really say something nice about your husband."
I said that to Melania. And I said, "Watch this." And they got up and they spoke. But Van Jones got up. And it was a little -- I get -- I don't get too embarrassed, you know. He got up and he thanked this one, he thanked that one. He thanked this one, this one, that one, that one. The only one he didn't thank was Donald Trump.
And I look at that sleazebag now and I say he's got bad way, bad way. I -- I looked at him. Then I saw him last night, and he was on CNN, which is dying, by the way, in the ratings because they have people like him on. And I watched him last night say how he hopes I'll be defeated and "We should defeat him. We have to fight him. He shouldn't be allowed to be --"
And I said, you know, normally, I'd say, I wish I had that vote back, but I did the right thing. But --
No.
Well --
I don't know. I don't know. All I can tell you is he was crying in my office. That's probably what you heard. Before he got it, he was crying. He was literally -- they went over to him with handkerchiefs. He was crying. Tears were pouring down his eyes before. But after, he wasn't crying, not that I know.
But -- so he didn't mention me the night of the news conference. He was leading the news conference. And I don't need it. I get mentioned plenty of times, etc., etc. But I watched last night -- it's a good place to say this, actually. It's better than writing out a truth, whatever. But I watched last night and I watched him talk about how I must be defeated. You know, I'm a bad guy or something. And --
Yeah, yeah. He said it last night. I saw him last night. I -- I don't watch CNN. Honestly, I don't watch it, but I happen to be. You know, I'm passing it and I see him on and I watched him talking about essentially negative about me. You know, what difference does it make? Nobody cares what they do. They have -- they've been fighting me for years.
And, you know, I became president. I did much better the second time than I did the first. And now, I'm doing it the third time. And if the election is not rigged, we're going to win. If it is rigged, I guess that's a different story, but we'll find out pretty soon. But -- but I watched this guy last night against me, even if he was a little against me, but he wasn't.
He was like, you know, "We have to defeat Trump. We have to defeat him." And I've watched him a little bit over the years. And every time I watch him, I say, "What a -- what a sleazebag he is, you know. What a bad guy." But I did it for Black people. I did it for -- it was -- it was purely -- the only people that told me about criminal justice reform were African Americans.
That's all. And I did it for them. I also did historically Black colleges and universities, and I got them financing. I would see the heads of colleges come down. After two years, they would come to Washington like 45, 50 people, a group. They'd always come in a big group. And I got to know them a little bit because they had to come through my office to get funding.
And after the second time, I said to him, "Why do you keep coming down here for funding? Don't they give you --" He said, "No, they make -- they make us feel like beggars." That was the term. And a couple of them I got really friends. Some of them, I still see a little bit. And I said, "What does that mean?" He said, "Every year, we come down for funding for the Black colleges and universities."
And -- and they play a great role, a very important role, in my opinion. So, I said, "So, you mean every year, you come down? "We do. We get our -- we come down together and we go and see senators and congressmen and we try seeing a president." But I got to know him. And I said, "You know, this is no way to live, where you come down." And I ended up getting them more money than they even wanted, and I got it done and I got it long term. And I said, "
Fellas, I just got this done for you, and I want to tell you a little secret, I'm unhappy about it." They said, "Why?" I said, "Because I'll probably never see you again. You'll never come down to Washington to see me." And -- and I meant it actually in a friendly way because I got used to seeing them. They were always coming down looking for money. I took care of their needs long term, more money than they wanted. I said, "
You're going to need more money than that," and I got it for him. And I think that's why Black men really like me, and I think Black women do, too. But they have a woman who is Black, although you would say she's Indian, but she is Black, but she really -- a lot of people didn't know, which is true, but --
That she's Black?
Or that she's Indian?
Yeah, I know.
No, a lot of people. Well --
Right.
Right.
Sammy.
Sammy.
Yeah, Sammy has changed.
And people change.
Yeah, I do. Oh, he could hit the ball, right?
Seriously, he was --
That's --
So, you just got that. That's pretty cool.
I never saw that. [Begin videotape]
No. Well, he didn't it say after -- yeah.
It was. But again, right after that, he -- it was over.
So, he went back.
And a real -- a real man would not have done that. And -- and I'm glad I saw that. But it really doesn't mean anything because he said it and then after that he -- he took it back.
That's right.
They deserve that.
Yeah.
I did.
No, I'm very proud of it.
[Video clip] Go ahead.
[Video clip] Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.
[Video clip] No, not you. Not you.
[Video clip] Your organization is terrible.
[Video clip] Your organization is terrible.
[Video clip] Go ahead.
[Video clip] Quiet.
[Video clip] Quiet.
[Video clip] Go ahead.
[Video clip] She's asking a question. Don't be rude.
[Video clip] Don't be rude.
[Video clip] Don't be rude.
[Video clip] We're not going to give you a -- I'm not going to give you a question.
[Video clip] You are fake news.
[Video clip] Go ahead.
[Video clip] Go ahead.
But isn't that disgusting? Think of it. And that would never happen to a Democrat. But isn't that disgusting? He's a -- he's a low life, the guy, and as you know. But -- and he has his own show. He gets no ratings at all. Nobody on CNN gets ratings. But isn't that a disgusting -- you know, I'm just watching that, and isn't it a shame that people can behave that way against the president, you know? And yeah, I think I got -- I think I'm responsible for those numbers up there where they went down.
And frankly, I'm proud of it because they're -- I also am responsible for the term fake news. And that's a great term, but it's not strong enough. I think it's corrupt news is a better term, but it doesn't play as well. But they're corrupt people and disgusting people. But he is a -- he -- well, he -- he wasn't as bad as some.
I mean, in a certain way, he was louder, but he wasn't as smart as some. I mean, some are much smarter. He's not as smart.
I -- I don't know if that's the first time I've used it, but I do get credit for having -- you know, having been an originator of the term. I mean, you know, a lot of times, I come up with -- I have a very fertile mind. I come up with very good names for people.
Pocahontas.
Lots of good names. But -- but, you know, I don't know if that's the first time, but I thought of that term often and more so as I was running. You know, I -- I actually used to get great press when I was an entrepreneur. I would get very glamorous press, very beautiful press. I went -- I went the exact opposite.
And I was amazed. And I -- I really -- I really learned how corrupt it was. I didn't think of it as that corrupt because, you know, I'd do something and they'd give me credit. But no, I've -- I had a very different life, actually, when you think about it, but then I ran for president. So, 92 percent of the people that ran for president -- presidents, 92 percent were politicians and 8 percent were generals.
So, I wasn't a politician. I wasn't a general. So, I was the only one that wasn't in that group. No, there were no admirals. They were all either politicians or they were -- sort of an interesting point. Most people don't know that. Some people said that's interesting. Other people say --
Well, he was a politician.
He was -- he was a governor. There were some that were businessmen, but they were -- then ran for the Senate or they were in Congress and, you know, they went from there to the presidency. But nobody ever went right to the presidency. You know, I never ran for office. All of a sudden, I'm president. And I -- I really learned about the press early and the hard way because I went from one extreme to the other.
I got great press, and then all of a sudden, I was treated like -- by a moron like that. And I -- I really -- I fought them very hard. They're very dishonest. They're very corrupt, not all of them, but a big percentage of them. I would say in the 80s. That's a lot. That's a lot. Big percentage are very corrupt, very corrupt.
Yeah.
I don't think it's ever been like this. Yeah, I've been around it for a long time. I don't think it's ever been like this.
You know, when I started off, Patrick, I used to have a story written about me. And without fail, somebody would call after the story was written but not published, and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. We're calling about a story that we wrote about you. Is it true that you own this and is it true that you did this and that you spent X dollars? Could we check that number?" Blah, Blah, Blah.
And it would go on for a while to a point where you'd get somebody else to just do it. But they -- without fail, I'd have -- if there were any details in a story, not always, but if there were any details always -- and they were called fact-checkers. "Hello, sir. My name is Jim Smith. I'm a fact-checker for the New York Times."
And they'd check the facts of a story. And I think they at least -- at least were trying to be real. I haven't had a fact-checker call me in 30 years, you know. They don't call anymore. They used to call.
Yeah.
I think it's just long term happened and morphed into it. I don't think they said --
But I can tell you -- yeah. For me -- look, I'm the worst case because there's nobody been abused like I have. And I don't think -- although, I guess probably some, but for a shorter period of time. There's nobody for over such a long --
I'd have to think -- short term, people have been abused over one deal and they're gone or something.
But I've been -- you know, I've been doing this for a long time.
Right. And I've abused them, also, so, you know, I do that.
No.
You know, I think it's a natural instinct with me.
You know, like it would be for you --
And other people that know how to win a little bit.
No, but -- but I -- I really saw it in politics. I would tell them something and they would write the opposite. I said, "What's that all about?" I called up -- the Washington Post was treating me very bad. New York Times is probably the worst, but the -- the two of them are really bad. And I know how to deal with the press.
I'm a professional. I'm a smart guy and I know. So, I said, "Watch, I'm going to call the press in," Washington Post. I -- during my first or second year. And I said, "I'm going to call the Washington Post. I'm not going to joke. I'm not going to be cute. I'm not going to be a wise guy. I'm going to just call them in and I want to talk and I'm going to explain what a great job I've done on different things like the economy."
I had a great economy, all that. And I called them in. I was very nice. I didn't say -- like I didn't say, "Hey, how's it going?" Everything was really professional. The numbers were fantastic. Everything was perfect. And I treated them with great respect. I shook their hand, and it was over. And the next day, they wrote a horrible story, you know.
It was -- and I said, "There is no way around it." And usually, it's the liberal side. And I don't understand it really. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? I don't understand them. Because, you know, usually, like in business, you'll understand why somebody wants something. Why wouldn't they want to have a strong border? Why do they want to have men playing in women's sports? I watched the Olympics and two people transitioned into womanhood, two people.
They went from man to woman and they were into boxing and they beat the hell out of everyone. They won the gold medal. But weightlifting, records that held for 18 years, a quarter of an ounce on each side. You've seen me do it probably because it's so cool. I mean, weightlifting is so easy to -- you know, it's so descriptive, right? How can you be better than that? Like golf is a little bit harder because you have to sink putts.
That's different. Women can putt, but they can't lift, you know, 450 pounds over their head. And the weightlifting record that stood for 18, 19 years gets broken by 100 pounds. You know, I mean, they put like a little -- they take this --
They -- take this top of this pen. See that pen? That thing weighs like an eighth of an ounce. And they put one over here and one over there. They couldn't do it for 18 years. And a guy comes along -- it's crazy.
The what?
Why do they want an open border?
Well, why do they want an open border with no checking? In other words, there's nobody vetted, nobody checked.
And as you heard two weeks ago, the Border Patrol put out the numbers. They weren't supposed to, but they did because they had to -- because they had to -- inherently, you know, they endorsed me.
They endorsed me.
Hundred percent unanimous.
Like a massive -- a full -- they said he's the greatest in the history of -- I had the best border in the history of the country. I had the best economy in the history of the country. But you take a look at some of these stats. So, yesterday, a young woman was playing volleyball. You saw that shot? And he got hit by a -- a hard shot by a man, a man who transitioned.
She got hit in the head, she --she didn't know where she was.
Yeah. She said, "I've never seen a ball travel at that speed before." But -- but here's why -- why do they want that? I don't understand that. Usually, you understand like somebody wants something. You try and figure it out. And you could go through a lot of things. You know, why do they want transgender -- why do they want to take somebody's child, a boy, and make the boy into a girl and not tell the parents? I mean, they do this.
And at first, they said, "No, no, but that's just an exaggeration." No, it's not. It's really not.
Why do they want to -- yeah. Well, look at -- look at California, Gavin Newscum, who's one of the worst governors, but he's got a good line of stuff and he'll -- he'll tell everyone how well he's doing, but it's the first time they've ever lost more people than they gained. You know, they -- look, they have such an advantage: the beautiful ocean, the beautiful weather.
Everything is beautiful, and they run it so badly with all of the problems. They run it so -- he's a crummy governor. But -- but why -- why is it? So, yesterday -- and who would sign the bill to even present it to him? He signed a bill that you're not even allowed to ask for voter ID. In other words, it's not like you can't have voter ID.
That's terrible because everybody should have voter ID. You have ID for everything. The Democrats had big ID. You know, when they had their convention, a friend of mine couldn't get in. He said he doesn't have the proper credentials. They want voter ID. They -- they had a strong ID. They had an ID that you had to wear like a prisoner wears, you know, with the number.
It was like this big card with a picture and everything over there, tie. So, they have it for the Democrat National Convention, right, but they don't want to have it for the vote. But -- but Gavin Newscum signed a thing that was incredible. He signed a bill that if you ask somebody for identification, having to do with voting, I think you've committed a crime, OK? Now, there's only one reason that that happens, because they want to cheat.
There's no other reason. There's no conceivable other reason.
Yeah.
Because he doesn't want gas vehicles. He wants to use all-electric vehicles.
And people don't want this.
Yeah.
Well, I asked -- I asked -- I asked Elon. He takes his massive company, and he left California. I just asked him this question yesterday. I said, "When you left --" Because he's got a good thing in Texas. I said, "When you left did, Newsom -- Newscum --" I call him Newscum because I think it's a more accurate name -- "But did Gavin Newsom call and say can we talk? I want to take you out to dinner. I want you to keep your company."
He said he never called.
Number one, biggest guy. Number two, big company, very big company. But a big oil company left also, taking thousands of jobs.
But my question wasn't that -- you know, that he left for whatever. I mean, "Did anybody ever call?" He said no. I said, "Did Newscum call you at all? Did he like call and say like can we have dinner? I'd love you to stay here and we'll work out some tax benefits or something?" You know, some incentive to stay.
He said he never called. I was amazed at that. And -- and you're talking about thousands of workers --
And prestige. And having Elon is -- is --
You know, Elon endorsed me very strongly a while ago, and there's no stronger endorsement. He said that if Trump doesn't get elected, this country is going down the tubes. It might not ever survive. He said it's the most important election. I was honored, but I was -- I was amazed because I asked him two -- two days ago.
I said, "Did anybody make a play to keep you?" Now, think of it. You would if you were governor, you heard of big companies leaving. I would.
At least you're calling.
Say is there anything we can do to keep you, right?
I just spoke to Tim Cook. Can I tell you?
So, if -- I'm going to say --
Two hours ago.
He called me. I didn't call him.
And let me give you just a little -- the nice part about this long format, you can talk.
Right? It's very nice. It's something very -- as opposed to bing, bing, bing, bing. That's why long format is working.
But I just talked to him. But I believe that if Tim Cook didn't run Apple, if Steve Jobs did, it wouldn't -- maybe it would be, but it wouldn't be nearly as successful as it is now.
I think so. Because I think Tim Cook has done --
I think Tim Cook has done an amazing job. And I'm not knocking Steve Jobs. I just think that it wouldn't have been. So, I'll tell you a couple of stories. So, about second term of second year, I get a call, and they say Tim Cook's on the phone. He calls. He said, "Could I see you, sir?" And he's the head of Apple, and I was born in Queens and I said, "Oh, the head of Apple wants to see me. Let's go, I guess,"
even though I'm president, you know. Still, I was born in Queens and the head of Apple is calling. And by that time, it was the largest company in the world. You know, it's the largest --
In terms of value at that time. I don't know what it is now, but it was. So, he comes in to see me, and it was about tariffs. He said, "You know, you're charging us 25 percent --" because I was going to charge them because we're out of China. And the problem is we can't compete with Samsung because they didn't have to pay tariffs because they weren't in China and they were in South Korea.
And he said, "It's not really possible for me --" And I did waivers, you know, standard waivers. "It's not possible for me to compete with them if I have to pay a tax and they don't to get our product into the United States." I said, "I agree with you." It didn't take long. I mean, I'm -- you know, I get -- I sort of got it, right? And I said, "I'm going to give you a waiver," and I gave him a waiver, but I said, "I'm going to give you a one-year waiver, but I want you to start building your plants in the United States."
And he said, "All right." And he actually did. He built one in Texas. He would have built a lot more, but we had a thing called, you know, a change in the administration, which is so horrible, what happened, because if -- Russia would have never happened with Ukraine, October 7th would have never happened, inflation would have never happened.
Afghanistan, we would have gotten out sooner, actually, than him, but Afghanistan would have never happened as we know it. All of these things would have never -- think of the difference in this -- no inflation. We would have been so rich because we were going for the -- we would have had four to five times the production that they have right now.
You know, they lost the production and then they got it back because the whole thing was cratering because oil went up to $7, $8 a gallon. So, anyway. So, Tim Cook called. And then he -- about a year later, he called again on something else. He said, "Could I see you?" Now, most companies send in lobbyists that get paid millions and millions of dollars to talk for them, and they probably say, "We know Trump. We can talk,"
but they don't. You know, for the most part, they don't. And Tim Cook called me up directly, and he did it himself, didn't have to pay $0.10 and I gave him 100 percent of what he wanted because he was right. I mean, you can't compete with Samsung and one's paying a tax, but I said you got to gradually move your -- your company here.
But then two hours ago, three hours ago, he called me, he said, "I'd like to talk to you about something." "What?" He said, "The European Union has just fined us $15 billion." I said, "That's a lot." I know the feeling because I get fined, too, on fake cases, but I don't know if his cake is -- case is fake yet, but it's a lot.
Then on top of that, they got fined by the European Union another 2 billion. So, he's at $17 billion to $18 billion fine. I even said about Apple, "Can you pay that?" I mean, do you have that kind -- that's a lot of money. And he said something that was interesting. He said they're using that to run their enterprise, meaning Europe is their enterprise.
And I said, "That's a lot." I said, "But, Tim, I got to get elected first." But I'm not going to let them take advantage of our companies. That won't, you know, be happening. I talked about -- yesterday, I talked about something that was very important. I don't know if it got -- China was building massive plants in Mexico.
And I let them --
Massive. The biggest plants in the world.
And my friend was actually building it. It's the one right there. Oh, that's --
Guess what? They're not building it anymore. You know that, right?
Do you know why? Because of me. And if they built that, there would be no more Detroit. Now, Detroit has been decimated over the years. But there would be no more Detroit. So, they're building massive plants in Mexico. China is building them. And they're going to make cars, sell them across the border, and destroy every automobile manufacturer, even in South Carolina and other places, Tennessee.
They're going to destroy it. You wouldn't have one automaking company. And what did I do? I said two months ago, "And if they do that, I will put a 100 or 200 or 2,000 percent tariff on these cars, and they will never enter America." And that was it. And I said that four or five times during four or five speeches.
And I met the man that's building the plants two days ago when I was in Detroit at the Economic Club of Detroit, making a speech, talking about how we're going to bring our car industry back, which is easy to do. All you have to do is the -- the proper incentives. And I mean, keeping Elon would have been easy to do, frankly, but nobody ever went to see him.
No, I just don't think Steve Jobs would have been as good as -- as Tim.
Right. Right. That's right.
He did say it.
His wife said it. His wife said it.
Well, she said, "I watched somebody on The Phil Donahue Show." She said, "I watched a man on television, a young man on television." I have the letter. It's the most beautiful letter. He said, "My wife just told me you'll be president," because I knew him a little bit. And I said, "That's interesting. I'll have to think about that."
But it was very nice, actually. But no, she said it. But go ahead, please.
But before I do that --
So, let me just say, already tariffs because, to me, I think it's the most beautiful word in the dictionary, more beautiful than love, more beautiful than any word I know, tariff. It will make our country extremely wealthy again because, right now, we're poor, we're broke. It'll make our country wealthy again.
And it's the most powerful word there is. OK. So, just by the mere mention of the fact that I am going to put 100 to 200 percent tariffs on every car coming out of that factory that you just put, that car plant that's being built -- actually started and stopped. The fact that I mentioned it, I said to the man the other day -- because I told him -- you know, this started.
I want to see a great car plant. He's the best in the world at building the biggest, and he said, "I'll have to take you to Mexico." I said, "You got to be kidding. I want to see in the United States." He said, "We don't build them in the United States. We build them in Mexico and China and all over, but not --" That's because we're stupid, OK? We have -- and yet, we sell them.
They -- all that product would be sold in the United States. So, I said, "Are you building it now?" "Yes, we're just starting." This was a year ago, let's say, and it's the biggest in the world. I think he said two of them actually, but the biggest in the world. Anyway, I hadn't seen him. He's a great guy.
All he does is plants. If you said build an apartment, he wouldn't know how to build it. I mean, all he does, he does, you know, tremendous new big plants. I saw him the other day when I made a speech at the Detroit, really, economic summit -- it was great -- on cars. And I see him in the audience, and I see him afterwards.
And I say, "Could I ask you, how is the big plants coming?" "Oh, they stopped construction." I said, "Really, they did? Why? Tell me why?" "Because they think you're going to be elected. And if you get elected, you're going to put 100 percent tariff or 200. You even said 200. They said if Trump gets elected, we're not going to spend billions of dollars building plants in Mexico."
I saved Detroit, what's left of it. Don't forget, Detroit can make a great renaissance with me. With her, she doesn't even know what -- you and I are talking about stuff right now. She would have no idea what we're talking about. You get it really good. You get it better than almost anybody. Even when I spoke at Bloomberg the other day, he wasn't a tariff guy.
I said, "Well, you got to be a tariff guy because if tariffs don't work, our --"
Our country is broke.
But just think of it. The -- the fact that I said I'm going to put tariffs --
On all of those cars that are coming out of that plant. That's a big plant. That's maybe one of the biggest in the world, right? Now, those cars were going to come all into the United States. If they come into the United States, that means there's not going to be any room -- that makes more than Detroit makes, OK, than everybody.
So, that would mean that our car industry is wiped out. I hope that the union workers, the autoworkers understand that I saved their jobs because in a year and a half, when that thing open, you wouldn't have one car being made in the Midwest or anyplace else in this country. So, because of Donald Trump -- and he said that.
He said, "Because of you, construction is totally stopped. They're absolutely -- they gave up on the job." Now, if I didn't get elected, they'll be building that sucker.
You -- you watch.
Hopefully, that won't happen.
Yeah.
Right. Right.
They wanted to make a deal.
They had to make a deal.
Chart -- can you send me that chart? Look at that.
They wanted to make a deal. I'm not looking to hurt Iran. They wanted to make a deal because I told China, "If you buy one barrel of oil, one, you're not ever doing business in the United States again." They said, "We'll pass," to Iran. They passed. Nobody was buying from --
Different strategies. It all depends. Very fertile mind. Different strategies. But -- but they're very close to having a nuclear weapon. You have to understand, I didn't want much. All I wanted is you can never have a nuclear weapon. I didn't want much. I wanted Iran to be very successful. I just don't want them to have a nuclear weapon.
Because that's the real threat. The real threat isn't global warming. The real threat is -- threat is nuclear warming, OK? That's the real warming because, you know, I'm the one that rebuilt our military. I rebuilt the whole military. And part of what I rebuilt is the nuclear. And I hated to do it, but we had to because China has it, Russia has it, you know, etc.
But I know more about nuclear than anybody because -- and I can just only tell you this. The power is obliteration, OK? It's not -- I always say it's not two army tanks running around each other.
I don't --
I would like to see Iran be very successful. The only thing is they can't have a nuclear weapon. That's it.
Look, we -- yeah. We can't get totally involved in all that. You know, I mean, we're --
We can't run ourselves. Let's face it.
Patrick, we can't run ourselves.
When I handed it over, I told them, "Right now, make a deal with Iran. They'll do anything." They want to make a deal with me. They wanted -- had that election not been rigged and stolen, I will tell you, right now, we would have no problems anywhere in the world. You know, Viktor Orban, you know he's a very tough guy and a very smart guy.
And he's -- you know, some of the European countries don't like him because he's, you know, smart.
And they -- they do things that aren't so smart. But he said -- they said what's happening? The whole world is blowing up now, the Middle East, Russia, Ukraine. I mean, now, all of a sudden, you know -- I mean, it's getting really bad over there. I'll tell you, the Russia-Ukraine getting really bad. You could have World War III, and we have two people, her and him, and she's not as smart as Biden.
Biden, believe it or not -- and this is a very small group of people fit into this category -- he's smarter than she is, OK? You have a problem. And even the three or four months left, that's a lot of months. That's a lot of time left. You could have World War III before I would take office, even if I were --
This country is in -- the world is in grave danger. But you know what Viktor Orban said? He said, "If Trump comes back in, everything is solved. He said, "When he ran it, we had no wars, we had no problems." Now, he used the term they were afraid of Trump. I don't want to use that term because it's like -- but they were. They were afraid of me. They didn't know what the hell I was going to do. And that included Russia. Don't forget, they always said, "
Oh, I'm so close to Putin." I had a good relationship with Putin. I had a good relationship with President Xi. But what did I do to Putin? I ended the pipeline going to Germany and all over Europe. The biggest job they've ever had is the pipeline going all over the -- all over Europe. I terminated it. Think of it. Do you think that's a good relationship? No. Putin said, "
You know, I'd hate to see you if you were angry at us." You understand? But what did I do? First, earlier -- earlier -- and then you go, "Well, Trump was in the pocket of Russia." Trump was in the pocket. I ended the biggest job they've ever done, a job that made more money. Biden comes in, and what does he do? He approves it.
He lets it go forward. It was dead. It was never going to happen. He let -- and what else did he do? He took the Keystone Pipeline, which was our pipeline, which should have been approved, and he terminated it just before construction was started.
Are you Iranian of -- from heritage?
I did.
You know why they were there? They were so nice. I met -- they said -- the Assyrians, they said, "Could you give us a shoutout?" "I said, "Who are you?" I didn't know. They said, "We're Assyrians." I said, "What does that mean?" But they were really nice people, and I said -- I think I mispronounced it, but I said it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think the world --
I think the world is going to behave and I think I will settle Russia-Ukraine while I'm president-elect.
While I'm president-elect.
You need that credibility.
While I'm president-elect, I will settle it. You know, I met with Zelenskyy the other day. I have a good relationship with Putin and with Zelenskyy.
Well, look, this is a war that should have never happened. You have millions of people that are dead, much more than you're reading about. You know, when you see these -- I was amazed at how big -- I'm in the real estate business, to put it mildly.
So, I know buildings. Those buildings were massive. You know, they were long rather than tall. They were 12 to 15 stories high, but they went, like, for blocks. They were massive buildings. Rockets were hitting the buildings. They were collapsing. A lot of people were killed. You hear two people were injured.
No, no. Many people were killed. That war is much more deadly than they're telling you. It has to be settled. But here's the problem. It should have never happened. If I were president, that war would have never happened. Putin would have never done it. The war would have never happened.
Without even a settlement -- without even a settlement.
I'd like to be able to do it.
Well, that depends. A lot is happening right now.
We have to see what happens.
That one is a very interesting one, and it's become more interesting because Israel didn't listen to Biden and -- and her and did what they wanted to do and they put themselves in a pretty strong position. I mean, let's face it. Who would have thought this was going to happen? Everybody was very afraid of Iran.
They're less afraid of Iran now. What they did to Hezbollah and Hamas if you take a look at --
No. I mean, no.
The whole thing with the pagers --
It was from the pagers that -- because those were your leaders. I mean, those were the leaders.
It was like 2,000 or 3,000, wiped out.
Almost like --
[Inaudible]
So, it's a different -- you know, it's a different story, but only because Bibi did not listen to Biden. Biden wanted everything to just sort of --
Foment. They wouldn't listen to him.
Which tells you -- do I what?
Yeah. Oh, he'll listen to me, 100 percent.
Hundred percent. Don't forget, I got them more than -- and not because -- this isn't the reason, but I got them Golan Heights. They've been trying to get it for as long as they were around. I got him Golan Heights. They wanted -- they -- planes would fly in every year to try and figure it out. I got him Golan Heights.
But more importantly than that, I ended the Iran nuclear deal, which was -- Bibi fought like hell to have it. Remember that? Fought like hell. Came in to see Obama, fought. And I also got him -- very important, I -- I helped them with their military, everything else, but I got him Jerusalem, capital.
I got him Jerusalem. Not only did I get it for him, I built the embassy. I didn't just say that. I got it built, and I built it for peanuts, too. I didn't spend $2 billion. I built it for --
Yeah.
No. As you said, does that mean you made 1.7 billion?
OK.
Hundred percent.
So, my problem was I was never -- I mean, I was in Washington, they say -- the fake news said this, so -- but let's assume it's true for a change -- 17 times. I was there 17 times. I never stayed over. So, I was not a Washington person. I didn't know people in Washington.
When I became -- yeah, when I became president.
In other words, I ran for president, I was only in Washington 17 times. And most of it was I was building a hotel, a beautiful hotel that I sold. It's now the Waldorf Astoria. And I built, I did a great job, sold it, made some money, and it was -- it was great. But that was most of the time. I was only there -- think of it.
I was only there, that's it, right? That's a beautiful job and a great location. That -- oh, maybe I shouldn't have sold it.
No, I'm looking at it, I'm saying, huh?
No, I did a great job with it. My whole family did: Ivanka and Don and everybody and Eric. Eric did a fantastic job. But anyway, I built that. But -- so I was --
Seventeen days total. Never stayed over. OK. But that's what they say, but it's about right. In other words, I wasn't a Washington person. So, all of a sudden, I'm president. I landed on Air Force One. You never saw so many motorcycles and cars and everything. Military marching. Everybody is marching.
I'm saying -- I said to my wife, "Oh," and we're going down Pennsylvania Avenue, and we're in the back of The Beast, you know, the world's longest army tank, right? And we're in the back of The Beast, and I look to the left and there's the building. And we're going the opposite direction of the roads.
You know, the roads are closed. On that day, you could have gone if you're -- any -- any way you want. So, we're going, and I say, "Look, there's the hotel and there's the White House." A couple of blocks further as the White House. Here's the -- I say, "Did you ever see anything so incredible? This is surreal."
I have the brand new hotel and I have the White House and I'm president. But here's the bad part. I didn't know anybody in Washington other than some politicians, and I knew them because I was a contributor, not because I was a politician because I had only done this a few months. You know, I ran and --
I am. No, I am.
Yeah, but there's a lot of people. So, what happens is I had to rely on people for advice. And largely, I got it right. You know, don't forget you only hear about like stupid people like a Bolton or I don't want to mention even Barr because he endorsed me the other day. You saw that, endorsed me strongly.
I was impressed by that. But I put people in there who I -- I made mistakes, but I made -- I got it mostly right. Great trade people. I had great trade.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
The most powerful person by far, the president. Power over everybody, power. The power is enormous.
It's -- it is. But there is a sort of a deep state, and a lot of that's people that have been there. And then there are some bad guys. There are some bad people. Then there's the radical left, which I think are more dangerous, in many ways, than the other countries. I really do. You know, guys like Shifty Adam Schiff and others.
They're bad people. They're sort of sick people, not stupid people either, by the way. Smart people.
But they're vicious, but they're very bad for our country.
Can you imagine -- well, he made up the Russia hoax.
He and Hillary.
I think it's an amorphous group. It's -- it's a group. It's not one person. It's an amorphous group of lunatics. And when they come together, they're -- they're pretty bad. But let me just say this. The president has the absolute -- if the president -- now, Biden doesn't know he's alive, so I don't think he -- I really believe they used him as a vessel, like a vessel in the night, and I -- I really believe that.
She's a little bit more dangerous because she's basically a Marxist like her father. Her father is a Marxist. You know what I don't understand, why is the father not been interviewed? I mean, nobody talks about that. If that were a Republican situation, the father would be all over the place. Where's the father? I haven't had one -- I haven't seen one article where they're looking for the father.
So, the father is a Marxist professor of economics, which is an interesting thing. Marxists and economics don't go together.
Yeah.
[Video clip] You want to know something.
[Video clip] OK. You wanted to put that on me.
[Video clip] I'll take it.
[Video clip] You know what I'll say? Yes, if we don't get what we want one, way or the other, whether it's through you, through a military, through anything you want to call, I will shut down the government.
[Video clip] And I am proud -- and I'll tell you what.
[Video clip] I am proud to shut down the government for border security, Chuck, because the people of this country don't want criminals and people that have lots of problems and drugs pouring into our country. So, I will take the mantle. I will be the one --
And by the way, how right was I? And now -- and I had the strongest border we ever had, and I used soldiers from Mexico and every other thing. You got it for nothing, zero cost. I had the strongest border. But look at that guy. Look. They're all threats to our nation. He and his group, after I was gone, opened up the border, and our country has been poisoned, OK, poisoned.
We have killers. We have murderers. We have the drug lords. We have -- we have everything. We have terrorists at numbers. Do you know in 2019, a report was done that not one terrorist was allowed in? Now, I think it's probably wrong because it's -- you know, I want to take credit for it. It was my year. And then --
Thousands. Thousands.
Yeah.
I had nothing.
I had none.
I like -- I like these charts. I must say.
I like the -- my chart the best. You know, my --
You know, I have a chart that I like better than any chart I've ever seen.
Better than any person I've ever seen.
No, no, I love these charts that you have.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I didn't have that chart, I would not be here.
We would not be having this interesting chat.
Yeah.
Right.
I saw you.
He's not so little because he's a pretty tall guy.
Well, he's very -- he's very -- he's very smart. He's a good student and all that. He goes to a great school and does really well. And he's a very nice guy. You see that. He's a very -- he's -- he's -- he doesn't mind being alone, but he's somebody that gets along with people. He loved having you that night.
I saw you. I was at a different table. I said, "Look at Barron. He's really having a good time." But you -- you're like a psychiatrist for a lot of people. I mean, this interview is now twice as long as it's supposed to be, and we talked about some really amazing things. We talked about Barron, of course.
I've got to say. He is such a -- he said, "Dad, you got to do me one favor." "What?" "You have to say hello to Patrick for me." I mean, it's cute, you know. He's 18 years old, but he's like --
No, no. He's very smart. He's very --
Well, he --
I'm not sure --
I'm not sure he's there yet. No, I'm not sure he's --
He's -- I don't think he's had a girlfriend yet. I don't think --
Yeah, I don't think so. Every once in a while, he comes in --
He's a good-looking guy.
Yeah. He's --
Yeah. Yeah.
And I have good kids. I mean, my kids are good.
Yeah.
OK.
Very interesting.
And help build America into the greatest nation in the history of the world. [Applause] [Audience member calls out "We love you."] [End videotape]
Well, let me explain. So, I think I'm the only politician that ever spoke to music before, and I do that sometimes at the end of some of the rallies. That was a big rally. We had a lot of people. We have a lot of people at all the rallies. I had 100,000 people in Butler, more than 100 -- the other day, a couple of weeks ago.
And we had -- in California just this last week, we had 107,000 people. So, we got big crowds. And sometimes, I do my final remarks with music. Now, I always get -- I don't know if emotional or angry, more angry than emotional because I don't -- you know -- and I'm not sure I want to admit emotional.
But no, I -- I tend to wait when -- when the music goes on, I tend to wait maybe 30 seconds, maybe 20 seconds. So, I mean, I don't want to spoil your thing, but I want to be honest. No, it wasn't emotion. It is sort of anger, which is, of course, an emotion. But my closings for the rallies, sometimes I play that music, and I talk about how bad we're doing, how badly -- we're doing terribly as a country.
We're a third-world nation. Look, we are a nation in decline. I mean, we are in serious decline. And now, on top of it, they're allowing all these people to come in, and it's not sustainable, etc., etc. And I go into that during this. It's a different rally -- it's a different rally speech. I used to go right from my regular speech and then the music would come on and I didn't like it.
Now, I -- the music comes on and I wait 20 or 30. So, I don't want to ruin your thing, but that's actually --
You know, I'd like to say --
I would like to say I was crying, like I said, but I didn't.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, right. The first time.
Yeah, that was --
I know.
And -- and there's nothing wrong with it.
I -- I don't personally think that the American people want to see -- especially at this point, our country is doing badly, I don't personally think they want to see a president that cries. I mean --
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, I understand it. And certainly, there could be that time. Look, I'm very sad by what's happened to this country. We're not respected anymore. We're not -- we will be respected very soon. It won't take that long. But we have to fix our country. Our country is broken. This has been the worst president and vice president in history.
And now, she's, you know, running for president. And if for some reason she won -- and I believe the only reason they can win -- I -- I really believe that. I -- I don't think people would vote for her. I just don't believe it can happen. But I think -- you know, Elon Musk says it better than anybody.
He says our country is finished, essentially. He said it would be finished. Very smart guy. A lot of people say that. A lot of people say this will be our last election. You know, you've heard that, too.
It's so bad what they're doing to our country on the borders. It's so bad what they're doing with the money, the billions and billions of dollars. I think Zelenskyy is one of the greatest salesman I've ever seen. Every time he comes in, we give him $100 billion. Who else got that kind of money in history? There's never been.
And that doesn't mean I don't want to help him because I feel very badly for those people, but he should never have let that war start. That war is loser. Ukraine, remember, is not Ukraine anymore. Every city almost is knocked down to the ground. All those beautiful golden domes are laying on their side, smashed to smithereens.
There's no city. You go into the city and every building is demolished. It looks like a demolition crew went through. They've been hit by missiles. This should have been settled before it started. It could have -- it would have been so easy. If we had a president with half a brain, it would have been easy to settle.
And I'm not -- you know, everyone would say, "Oh, this is terrible. He's blaming Biden." Well, I do largely blame Biden. If you watch his words, his words were the exact opposite of what he should have been saying. He instigated that war. And he got Putin -- there's no angel in Putin. There's no angel.
But everything Biden said was wrong. That should have never happened. I'm telling you, Patrick, that war, if I were president, zero -- even Democrats admit it. And you know what, it didn't happen for four years. And it was never going to happen. And yet, I will tell you, I spoke to Putin often about it, I said, "Don't ever do it."
But Ukraine was the apple of his eye. And when he saw how incompetently the -- our country -- our country, our -- our president, our stupid generals like Milley, who's a stupid person, when he saw how incompetent we were in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, I believe, when he looked at that, he said, "Trump is gone. These people are idiots. I'm going to go in to take the apple of my eye."
Would have never happened if I was there. And this has been very interesting being with you.
My son is right about you, very, very good.
Thank you very much.
It's a great honor. We'll do it again.
Good. Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Well, thank you very much, and a very big hello, Arizona. We love you, Arizona. Thank you. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's you. You are hardworking and you are patriots. Early voting by mail.
We're finally there. Take back our country. Early voting by mail and in-person opened in Arizona earlier this week. So, if you have a ballot, return it immediately. And if not, go vote. Get your, you know what app and vote. The minute the polls open tomorrow, you'll be there, and get everyone you know because we want to take back our country.
We're going to take back our country. And with your help, 23 days from now, can you believe that? We're going to win Arizona, and we are going to defeat Kamala. Kamala. Shouldn't be running. She shouldn't even be running. She didn't get any votes. Say what you want about Biden. I'm not a fan of Biden.
I'm no fan. Nobody's a fan of Biden. But you know what? He had 14 -- he got 14 million votes. [Audience boos] She got none. I'm the only one has to beat two people, not one. You know, everyone else historically -- in history, you've got to beat one, not going to beat two. They never make it easy for us, but she's going to be easy.
I have a feeling that he would have been tougher than her. But we're going to usher in a new golden age of American success for the citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. What Kamala and the radical left cronies have done to the state of Arizona is a crime that can never be forgiven. What they've done to us and what they've done to us on the border can never be forgiven.
For four straight years, she's imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from the dungeons all over the world. Not South America, all over the world they come. From prisons and jails and insane asylums, mental institutions, from Venezuela, from the Congo, all over. And she's resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent American people.
If Kamala gets four more years, the entire country will be turned into a migrant camp, and that's what's happening. [Audience boos] Millions and millions of people. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. [Applause] One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua.
That's a vicious gang. Well, we have them all. We have them all. They're all represented now. MS-13, vicious. They're all vicious. We have a contest. Who's the most vicious? We'll figure it out because they're all in our country now. People we never had in our country like this. Remember when she went around saying, "No. No. The migrants that come in are very nice people."
No. No. They're not. Thank you. No. We're not getting the nice ones. We're not getting -- we're getting people that levels of crime and violence and viciousness like you've never seen before. They make our criminals look like nice people. They look like nice people. These people know it better than anybody.
Border Patrol. Border Patrol. Oh, they're the greatest people. The best people. And they want to do their job. They don't want to be held back. They want to do their job. They'll do it. They'll end it immediately. All we have to say is do it, right? Do it. One call. Do it. You know, I listen to her saying all the time, "We couldn't get a bill passed. We couldn't"
-- I never had a bill. You know what I did? I called them up. I said, "Close the border." That's -- yeah, there was no bill. Did I have a bill? I don't have a bill, right? I said, "Close the border," and the border was closed. And then we had the best numbers in the history of our country at the border.
And that included, by the way, drugs, and it included traffickers, women mostly. They deal in women. Let me see the chart, my all-time favorite chart, by the way. See if you can drop it down. I didn't tell him I was -- see, that location would not have worked. You understand that? I would have turned -- I would have turned too far.
When it was over there, it was perfect. But you see the arrow on the bottom, that's the day I left office. That was the lowest number we ever had in the recorded history of our country. So, yeah, you'll sit down. Sit down. See, I got him to sit down, right? I could see this handsome guy. He's going crazy.
Well, they're Front -- they're Front Row Joes, you know? We got to be careful with those Front Row Joes. But, no, that's the best number that we've had. And, look what happened afterwards. It was like an explosion, like a rocket, like Elon's rocket. Did you see the way that sucker landed today? What was it? I looked at it and I said, "Oh, it's too bad. Oh, that's too bad. It's coming down so fast."
I said, "Oh," because he's our friend. We want him -- we want our friends to be successful, and he's really been our friend, right? So, Elon's rocket's coming down. And I never saw -- I saw where the engines came down. That was our first a couple of years ago, I saw engines come down. I said that was great.
I said, "Why do you do that?" He said, "Engines are very expensive. We can save them with certain formulas." He's given me these formulas. I'm saying, "Forget it. You don't have to be that specific." And now the whole thing landed. I never saw anything like it. And it's been through a lot. You know, you look at it.
It was a beautiful white, shiny thing. Now, it's burned to a crisp, but they landed. It needs only a new paint job. That's a lot cheaper than building a new one, right? But that was coming down. I looked at it this morning. I said, "Look at that. Oh, no." That's terrible because it was coming down so fast and all of a sudden, boom.
And it's like, got this much on his side. We're going to have to get Elon to explain that. But another time, first, we have to get elected, right? OK. But he's on our side. He's on our side. You know where he is today? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning for us, not me, for us. Don't you believe? And he's a great guy.
He endorses -- that was a great endorsement. We had, Bobby Kennedy. We have so many great endorsements. Tulsi, great. Tulsi Gabbard. We have so many endorsements. We have endorsements -- I could stand here with them all night long. You know, we had endorsements, the 300 biggest people plus, biggest people in the administration, national security people.
Robert O'Brien is the one that I think really led the charge. Robert's around here someplace, but he had 300-plus. The biggest people in government even from other administrations, they said Trump's the greatest president. Trump's the greatest for security, which is true, which is true. And I said, this is a big story.
Wow. This is a great story. I love it. And they put it out and the fake news didn't pick it up. They don't -- if that were [Audience boos] -- if we have one sleazebag against because I fired him -- you know, the only ones -- they always go -- whenever you fire somebody, they always go against you. But one sleazebag because I fired them, they make it front-page news.
When I get 319 of the top people in the country, the world, some of these people, some names in there you wouldn't even believe. I mean, I don't want to get personal, but there were some names in there you would be surprised at, frankly, because I had my little stats. But I appreciate it. No. No. It showed that there's a certain love of a country when they do that.
I really mean it. And Robert, I want to thank you, and Ric Grenell and all the people because that was beautiful. But when I saw that list of the best names, the biggest names in national security and security, generally, and law enforcement, I said, "This is a big story." Well, that's great. And I looked up -- the next day, I looked at the newspaper.
Didn't make Page 1. That's 2, 3, 4. It never made the newspaper, but that's the way they treat us. And we're leading in the polls. How come you're leading in the polls and you can't -- how the hell does that work? How does that work? But you know why? Because the people are very, very smart. I found out that people are very smart.
But you've been reading this because this has been a big one. In Aurora, Colorado, you have a very weak governor. He's totally beside himself. He's a radical left Democrat. He used to come into the White House. He was so nice. "Sir, yes, sir. You're doing a great job as president, sir." And now he says only bad.
You know, so he goes -- it's a tough business. It's a nasty business. But in Aurora, Colorado and communities in all 50 states, this Venezuelan gang is terrorizing law-abiding citizens, including taking over the multiple apartment complexes. And let's take a little look at them. They're not nice. You see, that's how tough they are. [Begin videotape]
Nice fellas. No, they're in the real estate business. They take over apartments. I do, too. I use financing. They use guns. Big guns. Like, better than our military has. Where did they get those guns? So, we're now known all throughout the world as an occupied country. Can you believe it? They said -- one of the papers said on another country that we are an occupied country.
And you know what? They're not that wrong. But these gentlemen will unoccupy us very quickly. It's really no different than if we had a war and lost the war. But to everyone here in Arizona and all across the land, I make this pledge. November 5th, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America. It's going to be Liberation Day.
It's going to happen so fast. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. And under Kamala Harris, 13,099 illegal alien convicted murderers are roaming free in the United States, and 425,000 convicted migrant criminals are right now in the United States. But of them -- think of this, of them, 13,099 are murderers.
Of many murderers, some scheduled for the life, they were going to die very shortly, and they said, "Let's just give them to the United States. What the hell do we have to do the death sentence for?" And they're in our country right now. And these are very tough, very dangerous people. They were there for a reason.
But think of it, many of them committed more than one murder and we have them now because we're stupid. We have stupid leaders, and we're getting rid of these stupid leaders. We can't have another four years where we have stupid, incompetent leaders. So, I will rescue Arizona and every town across America that has been invaded and conquered.
They've been conquered. They're conquering the towns. And, you know, our governors and our mayors and -- you know, a lot of people can't blame them. I can't blame them. They don't want to bring it up. Two reasons. Number one, they are scared. They're very scared. Some of them are very scared. The governor of Colorado is scared.
Radical left Democrat. If he was a Republican, I wouldn't say that. Even if he was scared, I wouldn't say. No. But he's got a right to be in all fairness. But you know where they are? All the towns across America, they fly them in now. They fly them in in beautiful, big Boeing planes. They fly them in.
They land in the Midwest. They land all over the place. So, it's not just here. They fly them right over the top of the border. They tried to get away with one. Three months ago, they were getting killed in the polls. So, Kamala -- I don't use the name Harris because nobody know -- you know, nobody knows who Harris is.
I say, "Harris." Everybody said, "Who the hell is Harris?" I don't know what it is with that name, but it doesn't catch on. Can you believe Kamala catches on better than Harris? Who would believe this? But Kamala was flying them in, and she didn't want to tell anybody. She wanted to keep it secret, but we saw planes all over the place.
They're flying them in by the hundreds of thousands, and they don't have to report that. They don't have to report it. These people are sick, and we're going to stop -- and we'll put these vicious and bloodthirsty -- and that's what they are. They're bloodthirsty criminals. We'll put them in jail. We will get them out of our country.
We'll get them out fast. In Texas last year, an illegal alien released into the United States by Kamala was charged for sexually assaulting, strangling, and murdering a 12-year-old girl. You read that one. That was one of many. But one of many. There's so many now. Before stuffing her body in a trash bag and leaving it under her bed for her mother to find.
Can you believe this? Under her bed for her mother to find. Last September -- these are animals. Last September, an illegal alien criminal with nine prior deportations and many prior arrests shot and killed a man in his pickup truck before repeatedly firing at police officers and beating them on a car chase during which he shot and wounded an officer and very, very seriously wounded other people in the chase.
And he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Isn't that nice? He had a bulletproof vest. And in Chicago this year, a Venezuelan illegal alien gang member, who was sent loose into the United States by the horrible non-border protection. It's a non-border. They'd let anybody come in that wanted to come in. I built hundreds of miles of wall.
I then, by the way, built more than I ever promised, but it was working so well. That's why we had good numbers. And then I was going to add 200 miles more. Then we had a rather strange election, didn't we? We're not going to let that happen again. [Audience responds "No"] Not going to let that happen again.
Remember, we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020, millions of more votes. But let in by these ridiculous non-policies -- they had no policy. And what I said to the Border Patrol is right just a minute ago. All the president has to do -- all she would have had to do is wake up the president at 3:00 or 4:00 in the afternoon, and say, "Joe, get your ass down to the Oval Office and sign this."
Well, if he'd sign what he signed for them, you know? Think of it, you know? How did that happen? That whole thing. But you know what? When the president signs an order to close, he doesn't need bills. You know, they made up this fiction. This bill was -- that's the bill that was so bad, so pathetic that it would have allowed millions of people to become citizens right away.
It would have -- it was a horrible bill, but -- and I'm fine with it, but you don't need a bill. All you have to do is you need a president. Well, you know, my father used to tell me, "These guys that need letters, they'll come into my office, son, and they'll say, 'Sir, thank you for the job. Sir, could I have a letter saying that you've promoted me?' Those guys never worked out because they needed a letter. It was the ones that walked in and said, 'I'm the boss now. You're going to listen to me.' They didn't need a letter."
He always would say, anytime they wanted a letter of authorization, they never worked out. She didn't need anything. She didn't need a bill. All she had to do is have Biden call up, the president, only the president, and say close up the border. And instead, we're paying a big price. You know, people have been talking about -- they always rank the different things and they rank -- and I think the polls are wrong about a lot of things.
Although, I don't want to say that now because we're leading, so let's leave them. They're only wrong when they give me a bad one, but we are doing great in the polls. We've been really great in the polls. But I think that the No. 1 issue they have down is the economy and inflation. And I agree, they're horrible issues.
But I think the No. 1 issue is the destruction of our country, what's happened at the border. I really think that's actually the No. 1 issue. And I don't care what a poll says, and it's close anyway, but I don't care what a poll says. It's the destruction of our country. What were they thinking? Who wants to have this? Who would allow this to happen where we have murderers, drug dealers, people from mental institutions, and insane asylum? Who would allow this to happen to our country? This thug, led in by Kamala Harris, was arrested for shooting a 27-year-old woman multiple times, leaving her riddled body, all full of bullet holes behind.
And I cannot believe how they allowed this to happen to our country. It's happening at levels that you could -- I could recite crimes all day, all night for weeks. And this is just the beginning because this is a new phenomenon. And I told you about this phenomenon. It's called migrant crime. It's a new category of crime, and it's probably the most vicious crime of all because despite the fact that she said, "Oh, these are lovely people. They don't commit crimes,"
no, these are among the worst criminals anywhere in the world and they come from all over. A huge number is coming out of jails in the Congo because what's happening is countries and continents -- but countries are releasing their prison populations into our country. And you know what? If I headed up any one of the countries we're talking about, I would have done the same thing.
I would have done it even faster because who the hell can blame them? Who can blame them? And Venezuela, their crime is down 72% because they've taken the street criminals. They've taken the drug dealers and the drug lords. They've taken all of these people, and they've busted them into the United States, and their crime is down now, 72%.
And it'll go still further because they haven't gotten them all out. But they're coming and they've taken their prisons and their prisons are way down. Lowest number they've had in many, many decades because they've moved all of their prisoners and these are hardened people. They know better than anybody who they are.
They know who they are without knowing who they are. And I will tell you something, what they've done to our country, they've emptied out their jails and prisons of the toughest people anywhere in the world and they dumped them into our country. And we're not going to take it. We're not going to take it.
We're going to get rid of these people that allowed this to happen. We're going to get rid of Kamala and Joe. My message to the American people is very simple. No person who has inflicted the violence and terror -- that so-called border czar, she doesn't want that name anymore. She said, "I'm not the border czar."
Well, she was, but doesn't matter if you call her border czar. She was in charge of the border. So, call her whatever you want. She doesn't know anything. She can't answer the simplest question. She goes on these shows and they're softball after softball and ends up in a scandal every time she opens her mouth.
You know, we had four years of that. We had four years of that. And, you know, in his case, he developed. She was born that way. And it's violence and terror that Border Czar Harris has unleashed on our country can never be allowed to become the president of the United States. Our country can't have her.
Anyone who would import criminal gangs to occupy America cannot ask to be president. Anyone who orchestrated an invasion of America cannot lead America. Kamala Harris' reign of terror ends the day I take the oath of office. To expedite the removal of Tren de Aragua. I have good luck with that name. Some people can't do it.
They said, "Sir, why don't we just" -- they say TDR. I say, "No. That doesn't sound too good. That sounds like a like a drugstore. I don't want to do that." Of course, Nowadays, if you look at our drugstores, they do pretty good there. Do you see the drugstores? You can't get anything in certain places.
You can't in most places. They have to put a glass in front because everything's taken. They walk out, they just take it. You know, she's the one that passed the law in San Francisco, destroyed it, where if you steal $950 or less, you're not going to be prosecuted. Can you believe it? [Audience boos] I don't think that Kari Lake agrees with that particular law.
You're not into that, are you? I think she was -- she's a tough one. This is what you need. I hate to say it. She's tough as hell. She -- this is what you need. You need her. I watched her debate. I watched -- I haven't even spoken to her. I watched your debate though at about 3 o'clock in the morning.
I watched that debate. It's, you know, the TiVo or its equivalent. I give it, the greatest invention in history, TiVo or its equivalent. I watched your debate due to that kind of thing that we can do nowadays. You destroyed that poor guy. You know, they have an expression. If that were a fight, they would have stopped it.
But that was a destruction. But I -- you know, I don't know how many people. You got to make that into a movie or something. You got to -- anybody that sees that would never vote for this guy. He's a total lightweight. And this woman has given up a lot. She had great success. Everything she did -- you got to get her in.
You got to get her. True. To expedite removal of the Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Can you imagine? Those were the old days when they had tough politicians. They have to go back that long. Think of that, 1798. Oh, it's a powerful act. You couldn't pass something like that that day.
Today, we're politically correct. Today, people kill, and they end up getting out on bail in two minutes. No, this is a little different act. The Aliens Enemy Act 1798, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil, 100%. And in honor of the great people of Aurora, Colorado, we will call this Operation Aurora because they were the first to suffer with this group of thugs.
And if they come back into our country after removal, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. No possibility. Not that we want to do it. But by the way -- not that we want to do it. We all have big hearts, but, you know, it's not sustainable. We're not going to have a country.
It's not sustainable. You see what's going on with the cities they can -- New York has a $3 billion bill. I always heard New York is low on funds. A $3 billion bill and the federal government's not going to pick it up. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]
Thank you. They kill an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. And if you ever wanted to stop drugs as opposed to blue -- I set up so many blue-ribbon committees. You know, our First Lady did a fantastic job on this. She headed up a commission. And she got the number. And by the way, she wrote a great book.
Go buy it. It's called "Melania." And she says very nice things about me. I was worried. I wouldn't have -- if she didn't, I wouldn't be talking about that book at all. I'd pretend it never happened. No. She's great. And she wrote a great book. I think it's the No. 1 bestseller now. Can you believe it? So, go buy it.
Melania. Go buy it. But Kamala's actions as the border czar are especially egregious. It's a betrayal of the brave men and women who devote their lives to securing our borders. They are treated so badly, so badly. They are treated so badly. It's so horrible. They're heroes, but they're not treated like heroes.
But, you know, I tell them all the time, the people know you're heroes. It's the radical left lunatics that don't treat them properly. I call them the heroes of ICE and the heroes of Border Patrol, incredible. And these courageous patriots, they risked their lives to keep America safe and our border secure.
And then Kamala came along and demanded that they aid and abet the invasion of our country, which really is what they're told to do, which they have dedicated their lives to prevent. They are not happy. And she only bothered -- if she only just did this, all she had to do is go to the border for the first time.
You know, it took her, what, three and a half years to go there. And then she went to a place that I'd love to go for dinner sometime with you people. She never went -- she didn't go to the border for the whole time. It was a great insult, and I used to call them all the time. In fact, they thought I was a pain in the ass.
I'd call them, "How's the border going, fellas? How's it going, Art? How's it going, Brandon? How are we doing, Paul? How are we doing, Paul? How's the border, Paul?" They would get my call. They said, "This guy, he's crazy." No. I was not crazy. I want to have a strong border. That's why we had that beautiful chart.
Most -- my favorite chart in history. I sleep with it. I kiss it. Even if that chart had bad numbers, I would have loved that chart. That was my all-time favorite. Every night I take it to bed with me, I kiss it. But today I'm honored to receive -- and this was an honor that I didn't know about till very recently, the endorsement because it's very hard for them to do this, you know? It's very hard for them to do this.
But the endorsement of the official union of the Border Patrol agents, the entire union's endorsement. It's a great honor. They said it was unanimous. Thousands of people. Thank you. And they have thousands of people. They said it was unanimous. And I'm -- I will say I have the endorsement of almost every single law enforcement group, sheriffs, police, the Fraternal Order, 400,000, and it's hard for them to do endorsements.
You know, it's not an easy thing to do, but there comes a point when you have really no choice. I'd like to thank the former president of the National Border Patrol, a friend of mine, Council, Brandon. It's an incredible council actually. Brandon Judd is here someplace. Brandon. Thank you, Brandon. And I'd like to formally introduce the new president of the council, another friend.
They become friends of yours. It's like you're in a war together. When I was here, when I was running things, that border was a big deal to me. We wouldn't let people in. We had a year would be 2019 where they said -- and I think they were wrong on this, to be honest. They said zero terrorists came in.
Zero. The following year, they said 11. Now they have thousands of terrorists pouring into our country. These are stone-cold hardened terrorists. Bad things are going to happen. We're going to get them the hell out of here before they do, I'll tell you. But the new president of the council, another great friend of mine is Paul Perez.
And he joined by a very highly respected man, Art Del Cueto. Art Del Cueto, vice president. And maybe we could ask them to come on up. We're also joined, very proudly, today by a large delegation of our nation's frontline border agents. These are incredible people. [Applause] So, let's show our appreciation for their unbelievable service to our country. [Audience chants "USA"]
You did a good job. [Audience chants "USA"] I got to tell you, I was a little worried. He got up. He had no notes. He didn't have a teleprompter. I can understand that. I don't use it too much either. And it is nice to have people that don't need teleprompters, isn't it? But he got up here and he had no notes.
And you gave a perfect deal. I think we're going to all have to go back inside. That was a good job. Did he do a good job? Look at all these Border Patrol. Border patrol and ICE. They're great heroes. And I want to let you know, Paul, I want to just tell you and everybody, all my friends, I have so many of them in this group.
It's an incredible group of people. I will always stand with the incredible men and women of Border Patrol. And today, I'm announcing a plan to address the shortage. You know, we have a tremendous shortage because they haven't been treated right. They want to do their jobs. You know, they consider it bad treatment when you're not allowed to do your job, and that's the biggest problem.
They don't want people running in front of them. They want to stop them from coming in, and that's going to save a lot of people including the people they're stopping. But to address the shortage of border patrol agents caused by the catastrophic failures of Kamala, our great border czar, who's the worst in history, we have a tremendous morale crisis because of her and her policies.
I mean, think of it. Not one of the leaders -- you have all the leaders up here. You have all the leaders in the room. You have Brandon right over there. He's a leader for a long time, brilliantly, the leader. Never got a call from them. Not Biden. He was sleeping. And not her. No, not her. She never called.
Never once. I saw this. I didn't ever ask them. I saw this and a reporter asked, "Paul, have you ever been called?" "No. I haven't." How can you do that? Most important thing, it's the fabric and lifeblood of our country, and they're destroying our country and they never -- and these are the people in charge.
So, there's a big morale problem, and she ruined the jobs of a lot of these border agents. They went after people, remember? With the horses. Remember that? Do you remember that? That was a terrible thing. It turned out that they were totally wrong, but they went after a lot of other people, very innocent people.
They go after those people, but they don't go after the criminals that are coming in to kill. They don't go after them. So, in order to meet the goal of hiring 10,000 new agents, we need the agents. We have to -- we need them badly. And keeping our incredible veteran agents on the force, don't leave us.
Raise your right hand. You're not going to leave. You're not going to leave. Don't leave us, Thomas. I don't have to worry about them. They're very committed people. If we paid them nothing, they're not leaving. They want to save our country. They're going to save our country. But after I win, I will be asking Congress immediately to approve a 10% raise.
I haven't had one in a long time for all ages. And a $10,000 each retention and signing bonus. So, we're going to retain them. We're going to retain them. It's almost like being a great baseball player or football player, but not quite as much money, but not bad, right? Now, we're going to retain them and they deserve it.
They've been treated unbelievably badly and the fact that they continue -- and you don't hear they're going out on strike. They're going to do this. They don't do that. They would never do it. They're just incredible people. This will ensure that we can hire and keep the Border Patrol agents that we need to keep.
And we can also bring in a lot of new ones, really great ones, and we're going to be -- we're going to have our choice. I think we're going to have our choice. It's going to be a whole new spirit. This is a group that really needs spirit because they're protecting us, they're protecting our lives, they're protecting our country.
So, we're going to be doing that. And while you guys are up here, I also want to introduce a great guy and a very big man in the world of law enforcement, national president of the Fraternal Order of Police, Patrick Yoes, representing 400,000 law enforcement, largest in the country by far, law enforcement offices.
And I'm truly honored to have their endorsement as well. Patrick, thank you, wherever you may be. Thank you, Patrick. That's really nice. I'd have you up here, but I don't think Secret Service will allow anybody to get through this. It's gotten a little tight. That's good. That's supposed to be that way.
Patrick, thank you, 400,000. Wow. That's great. I think we have every law enforcement group in the United States. The sheriffs, they're incredible people, and they really do -- it's easier for them not to do their job. They want to work like hell, and they want to clean out our country and straighten out our country.
And we want to have people in our country that love our country. They love our country. And we're going to have that. And despite all of the damage that Kamala has inflicted on the state -- and, you know, don't forget that she's the vice president, right? But Joe gave her the assignment, and so I don't even mention his name.
I'm not even sure what's -- what is he doing? Although, although he's looked very good lately. He's looked -- because he's looked better than her actually. No. I've always said, I'm not a big fan of his as you probably have heard, but he's superior to her. He's more intelligent than she is. Can you believe -- do you ever think you'd be hearing that? And I mean it.
But she said last week that she can't think of one thing that she would do differently. Not one thing. She -- think of it, not one thing. So, fellas, you stay up here, just look at this one tape, and then you go back and enjoy it. But I just want to tell you, you are phenomenal people. We love you all, and you're doing a great job for our country.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Begin videotape]
Great people. By the way, I see a couple of other people. Do you mind if I introduce two? Kash. Stand up, Kash. Kash Patel. And I spotted him. I spotted him. You had no problems when he was in charge. You know who that is? Sheriff Joe. Sheriff Joe. Oh, stand up. [Applause] Brandon, sign him up immediately.
Paul, you got to sign him up immediately. Sheriff Joe. We didn't have any problems with Sheriff Joe. He was tough and fair. You know what? He was actually very fair. He was amazing. Thank you very much, Sheriff Joe. I just saw you here. I would've had you come up. But you are a special guy. Thank you.
He had a wonderful wife. He just lost his wife a little while ago, but she was a wonderful woman. And she's looking down at you. You couldn't have made her life too easy. I could guarantee you that. But you -- she loved you, Sheriff Joe. So, you take care of yourself, OK? Great guy. [Applause] So, the answer that she would do nothing different is totally disqualifying.
So, think of it. We have the worst president in the history of our country by far. The happiest man is Jimmy Carter because he was brilliant by comparison. His administration is considered now brilliant by comparison. We have the worst, and she says that she would do nothing different than the worst president that we've ever had.
We have a right track, wrong track where he sets a record every week for the wrong track, and she says that because it wasn't that she really meant that, what she really wanted to do, but she couldn't think of anything. When I heard that question, I said, "Oh, this is going to be a bad answer for me."
Meaning she's going to knock this one out of the park. And she said, "No. I want to be the same as Joe Biden." Anybody that votes for her, you should have your head examined, if you want to know the truth. Eighty-six percent of the country thinks we're on the wrong track, and she says, "No, I'd do everything the same. Keep the airplane flying."
You know the worst thing? And I'll bring this up a little separately. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand young children are probably dead or missing, but certainly missing. And they're either sex slaves, slaves, or they're dead. Think of the number. It's not two, which is too many. It's not 100. It's 325,000 lives are probably gone.
Their parents will never get to see them again. And these are people that she allowed just as if she had a gun in her hand, OK? And for that woman to be running for president is a disgrace, and everybody knows it. How can you keep someone who stated plainly and clearly that she will change absolutely nothing from Biden? Kamala is turning us into a third-world nation.
Weaponization. How about the weaponization? I've been investigated more than the great Alphonse Capone, late great. You guys know Alphonse Capone, Scarface. This is a rough guy. I don't know. He may be even too tough for Paul. I don't know, Paul. This is a tough one. Alphonse Capone, Scarface. I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone.
It's called the weaponization of the Justice Department, and we've never had it. We've never -- this was a third-world -- happens all the time in the third-world banana republics. It happened in the United States. And can you believe I'm leading? Who the hell -- where did it happen where you're leading? Because the people get it.
They get it. All my life, I never had a problem. Now, my beautiful parents are up in heaven. I think they are. Even my father made it there. He could be rough, but I think he -- because he was a good person. Strong, tough, but he was a good person. My mother, it's guaranteed. She's a guaranteed. But they're up there, looking down.
They say, "How the hell -- how did this happen to my son?" You know, I could have been on the most beautiful beaches in the world right now. I could have been enjoying the life, the waves smacking me in the face, my beautiful mane of hair blowing in the breeze. No hairspray. No hairspray necessary. The most beautiful places in the world.
I own some of the greatest clubs. I could've had the greatest life. But I'd rather be in Arizona with you and these people all day long because we're going to make America great again. Right? Right? [Applause] [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. With our victory, we will become the greatest, strongest, freest, and safest, and the most powerful nation again in the world.
We're not considered a great nation right now, but we're going to be a great nation again, and it's not going to take long. I will quickly defeat inflation, and we will make America affordable again. We're going to have to do that. It's not affordable. And you know what people bring up more than anything? Simple things like groceries.
They say groceries. Who would think that? Groceries, but they bring it up. Cars. They do a lot of different -- everything, basically. Look, we had the worst inflation, I think, they say in 48 years, I think, ever. There's never been anything like it. And they don't even put the really bad. Like we had interest rates at 2 percent.
They went up to 10 percent. Well, they don't include that. They don't include many things. And by the way, at 10 percent, you can't get the money. So, obviously, it's much higher than 10 percent. For all of the working people struggling under Kamala's inflation nightmare, we will have large tax cuts for workers.
We're going to have beautiful additional tax cuts, including no tax on tips. No tax on tips. No tax on overtime. And no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. And you deserve it. You know, the seniors have suffered because they're in fixed income, many of them, and the inflation has made it impossible.
Everything they've taken in and it's just gone. They're wiped out, and we're not going to do that. We're not going to allow that. Then they're supposed to pay tax yet. By contrast, Kamala Harris is known as the taxing queen. She loves taxes. She's the only one I've ever seen. She campaigns on the fact that she wants to give you a 70 percent tax increase.
Her plan will raise your typical American family taxes by at least $3,000 a year. Congratulations. [Audience boos] And run a bad and unsafe government. I also announced last week that we will make interest payments on cars, loans. We're going to make them tax-deductible first time because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream, which we're going to restore.
You know, friends of mine called me, and they said, some of the biggest analysts, the greatest analysts on Wall Street, brilliant guys, "Where did you ever come up with the idea of deducting interest?" You know, it's like the paper clip. It was developed about 125 years ago. Some guy took a little -- and he made the paper clip.
And everybody says, "Oh, man. Why didn't I think of that?" Right? It's like deductibility. It's going to be incredible because you'll sell a lot more cars, and we're going to protect our car businesses then. We're going to protect them. Made in the USA, and we don't have to go through it. Made in the USA, and we're going to protect them with tariffs.
I do have to tell you one quick story. You don't mind if I never go back on the teleprompter again, do you? [Audience responds "No"] No. I watch Paul, and I say, "Damn it. I don't think I'm supposed to use the teleprompter anymore, Kari." I watched the way -- so I've been telling you a story for about a year that in Mexico, they're building some of the biggest car plants anywhere in the world.
And I told you about a friend of mine who's a brilliant guy but especially when it comes to building a car plant. With other things, he's not so good, but he can build a computerized car plant. It's unbelievable. So, I saw him about four or five months ago, and I said, "You know, I want you to take me on a tour of one of your plants."
He's the biggest builder of plants in the world. I want you -- so you'll be able to figure him out if you really want to. I don't think the fake news -- wow. That's a lot of fake news back there. That's a lot of cameras. [Audience boos] I didn't even notice. I didn't even know. That's a lot. That's a lot of fake news.
Holy mackerel. Look at those red lights go off. Those red lights, those suckers are going off. Every time I do that, those lights go off because they don't want me to call them corrupt and horrible people. You can let them go back on now. I'll get off. No. I just looked up. That's a lot of cameras. Who the hell can do this two, three times a day? One little mistake.
If I pronounce a word slightly wrong -- and I tend not to go back because I don't want to go back. I don't want to say, "Excuse me. Let me go..." I like to bull through it. So, I speak for hours, mostly without a teleprompter, really, mostly. One mispronunciation of a word, "He's cognitively impaired. He's getting old. He's getting old. He mispronounced a word."
Like the name of the gang, if I did. No. I think I got it perfectly, didn't I? But if they see any, they watch for weeks and weeks. For weeks and weeks, I'm up here ranting and raving. Last night, 100,000 people, flawless, ranting and raving. I'm ranting and raving. Not a mistake. And then I'll be at a little thing, and I'll say something, a little bit like the, I'll say, duh.
They'll say, "He's cognitively impaired." No. I'll let you know when I will be. I will be someday. We all will be someday, but I'll be the first to let you know. But when you can do this three, four times a day and you can go from site to site from Arizona to Pennsylvania to Michigan -- [Applause] Right? And then you have some little writer at The New York Times.
It's been really bad lately. There you go. They follow every single word. "Did he get -- wait, wait, wait a minute. He said something wrong." I actually say things very right, and they'll use the same story but belittle it like it doesn't exist. But it all exists. But they love it, you know, because Biden was obviously cognitively impaired.
She should've reported him because that puts our nation in danger. We've never been so close to being in World War III than we are right now. And don't kid yourself. We have an election coming up, but we still have, like, three and a half months left. And it's a long time in a nuclear world, and that would be a war like no other.
And I'm not thrilled about the people representing us even for a short period of time. But I just ask you because you read so much. Now, some people say he's the single greatest speaker of all time. Because you know what? Nobody's ever -- I actually asked that question. Hundreds of thousands of people show up, and I assume it's for my looks, but I say -- but, you know, I said it today to Brandon.
I said, "You know, Brandon, it's funny." I look outside, and you could fill this place up three times. If anybody would like to give up your seat, please. But outside is packed. We put up television screens now. But I said to Brandon just a little while ago, I said, "You know, I draw all these people. I don't think I've ever had a story that Trump is a great speaker."
I hear about great speakers like Churchill. I hear about a lot of great speakers, but I've never heard that Trump is a great -- uh-oh. Now, I'm in trouble because you know what they're going to do? "He's comparing himself to Winston Churchill." No. That's what they'll do, Andy, right? That's what they'll do.
They'll say, "Oh, he's comparing himself. He was angry about -- " No, no. I've never had a story that I'm -- and there's a reason these crowds are coming. And someday, they're going to figure -- [Audience member calls out "Because we love you."] She said, "Because we love you," and I love you, too. That's why I come. [Applause]
She said that -- how good is that? Where is that woman? Stand up. Stand up. Look at her. Wow. I would say that's beautiful. Is that -- is she your wife? You know what? I would say she's a beautiful woman, but if I did say that, my political career -- you're not allowed to say that. So, I'm not allowed to call you a beautiful woman, but she is.
So, it's crazy what's going on. Have to be politically correct nowadays, and we're going to have something about our military, talking about being politically correct, because we're going to have -- we have a great military. I knocked out ISIS. I knocked out ISIS so fast. I knocked out ISIS so fast. To bring jobs and factories and wealth racing back to our shores, we will have a 15 percent made in America corporate tax rate.
Now, you have to understand, I brought it down from almost 40 percent. And these are corporations. They don't have to be in our country. You know, in the old days, they'd move from state to state. Now, they move from country to country. Every country wants our corporations. So, we have to treat them good.
Kamala wants to take their taxes and raise them. And you know what they'd do? They'll say, "That's OK. Let's go to Ireland." You know, the pharmaceutical industry moved to Ireland. Let's go to Europe. Let's go to Asia. Let's go to China. They want them so badly. So, I moved it from 39, almost 40 percent, down to 21 percent and got it approved in Congress.
But that doesn't make us great. It makes us good. It makes us competitive, sort of more than competitive. It was good. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country when I did that. We took in more revenue at 21 than we did at 39, which was amazing. People were pouring in. But here's what we're doing now.
I'm moving it down to 15 percent but only for those people who make their products in America. In other words, a company -- and by the way, you're going to see companies pouring back into our country. We're going to -- somebody said, "What are you going to do about the debt?" We have a lot of debt, you know, a lot of debt.
And we were doing this, and then we got the China virus stuff that came out of nowhere. And we had to focus on that because people -- and I wasn't really -- I mean, other countries suffered so badly. Other countries, proportionally, they suffered worse than us. You know, what suffered worse than us proportionally is China.
So, you know, it's like one of those things. So, we had to focus on that. We did a great job on that. We never got credit. You know, we never got credit for that, but we did a great job on that. Nobody knew what the hell it was. It came in. I mean, you know our famous operation. They call it Operation Warp Speed.
Operation Warp Speed gets military credit for being one of the most incredible things that they've ever seen, distribution of things. But we did a great job, and we got that. We handed over a country that was better. The stock market was higher than it was just previous to COVID coming in. So, we did a great job, but we were in the process of doing this.
And a friend of mine called up from Wall Street. He's considered a brilliant analyst. He said, like the other one, he said, "Where did you come up with the idea of taking it down but only for companies that make their product -- " He said, "That's a great idea." Can you imagine? You have all these 185 IQ people on Wall Street.
That's sort of the ultimate. I think they say -- you know who the smartest person they say in history was? Albert Einstein. [Audience member calls out "Trump"] He said Trump. I agree with him. He said Trump. [Applause] My uncle, Dr. John Trump, MIT, 40 years, that's pretty smart. He was smart. My uncle was very smart.
He used to tell me things a long time ago about nuclear. He said, "Someday, son, they'll have a weapon that you'll be able to carry into a building like a handbag, and it will blow up New York City." I said, "Uncle John, that's never going to happen." He's the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT, like 40 years or 41 years.
Can you imagine? So, this could -- does anybody believe in genes? Do you guys believe in genetics? These guys have good genetics, too, for safety, and that's all we want you for. We don't want you for anything else. We don't want you for anything else. But for those who -- but they were asking me, "Where did you come up with this idea?" It's just an idea.
And you only get it if you make your product here because we want jobs. We want jobs. It's about jobs. It's not about the products. But then we have to protect those companies that move in and the companies that we have. The auto industry has been wiped out. We have -- we will have more auto jobs than we did.
It's my biggest ambition, have more auto jobs than we did 50 years ago in the prime. We are a tiny fraction of what we used to be, a fraction. And companies are going to move in at a level that nobody's ever seen, but we have to protect them. So, how do we protect them? With tariffs. If you don't move your plant into the United States, we put tariffs.
You're not going to make your car in China. I already did that, 27.5 percent tariff. You know, Biden never took it off because if he ever did -- it's so much money. But also, if he ever did, our company -- our country would be just overrun. We would have a country that was overrun with Chinese cars pouring in, and Detroit would be finished.
It would all -- it's almost finished now. You know, they lost 30,000 workers. They go to the all-electric mandate where everybody has to have electric car. [Audience boos] I have to be very careful because Elon endorsed me. But can I tell you, he understands it. It's not for everyone. What he does is incredible.
The car is incredible, what he does. And you know the beautiful thing he endorsed me? He's in Pennsylvania right now, and I should be there probably. Maybe. I don't know. Well, I hear we're leading so much. I hear we're leading in your great state by so much, but I said, "Nope. We're going to be here. We're going to do it just the way we want to do it."
And we're going to be in Pennsylvania a lot over the next three days. But he never once said -- and, you know, this is a tribute. But look at the rockets coming. He never once said to me, "Would you do me a favor? Could you lay off the electric car?" No. The electric car is beautiful. It's great. And it's got a great market.
It's going to do great. They're all going to do -- I think it's great, but not 100 percent because they're going to be made in China, most of them, because that's where -- we have a thing under our feet. It's called oil and gas. I call it liquid gold. So, if you don't mind, we'll use that. And we're going to have hybrids.
We're going to have electric. We're going to have everything. We're going to have gasoline-propelled cars. We have one other thing. You know about the new one that's come along? Does everyone know about hydrogen? We have a new technology that's coming along. It's coming along beautifully, Kash. It's coming along beautifully.
It's hydrogen. It has one minor problem. It blows up. And when it blows up -- and it doesn't happen often, like maybe one car a day. And when it blows up, you are unrecognizable. They call your wife. "Would you please come down to see if this is your husband that's lying next to a tree?" And the wife goes over and said, "No. I don't recognize that man."
He's gone. Whoever the poor guy is. No. So, I'm not going to go heavy into hydrogen, if you don't mind, but electric and all. But we want to do this. We want to have -- we're going to move -- so many car companies are going to come back. They're going to come back from Germany. They're going to come back into our great country.
And I will tell you that we will have a golden age. It just started. We have a golden age. And, you know, if you look at the Teamsters -- did you see the Teamsters? They voted. The rank-and-file voted for Trump. The firemen voted for Trump. The policemen and women voted for Trump. Amazing. [Applause] The firemen and women hadn't voted for a Republican ever.
It goes back a long time. Firemen and women, that goes back a long time. They voted for Trump. Can you imagine, the rank-and-file? And the Teamsters, I don't think they ever did either, but they voted for Trump. We got 61 percent of the vote, 61 percent of the vote. So, there's something happening. It's changing.
You know, I watch these people talking on television. They say there's a change, and there is a change. You know what the change is? They want to see our country be great again. They want to make America great again, and they're seeing it. And they want to see our country be safe, too, and it's going to be safe.
Because of them, it's going to be safe. So, for all of this to happen, the car companies come back, our country be safe, Arizona must get out and vote. You got to get out and vote. That's all I -- I don't want your money. Don't give me your money. We don't need money. We need votes. Got to get out and vote.
All you need to do is make sure a couple of things happen. For instance, this woman that I just mentioned, Kari Lake, she's running. She did so well. She's been an incredible candidate. If you looked at their last race, that was a great race. But I want to just -- if you don't mind, I'm going to have Kari Lake come up just for a couple of seconds and say a couple of words.
You got to vote her in. You got to vote her in. [Audience chants "Kari"] Be careful. I said be careful, Kari, because that blows it. Yes. If you fall, that blows it.
Thank you very much. Kari, thank you. [Audience chants "Kari"] Yeah. She's great. She loves the state. She wants to see a very safe place, and that's going to happen. So, thank you very much, Kari. We're also pleased to be joined by Senator Mike Lee, a fantastic guy. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike.
And also, we have members of Congress. They've become such friends of mine. For whatever reason, I like these members a lot from your state. Andy Biggs. Thank you. Warrior. He's a little on the conservative side, right? And that's OK, right? You know what he is? He's on the common-sense side because that's what -- I say we're the party of common sense more than anything else, right? So, thank you very much.
Great job. Blake Moore. Thank you. Thank you, Blake. Thank you. Celeste Maloy. Celeste. Paul Gosar. I love this guy. I love that guy. You talk about a fighter. Boy, he is some fighter. He fights everybody. He doesn't care. He just wants your state to be good. State or country? I think state, maybe even in your case, comes before the country.
We got to talk about that. This guy -- stand up once again. Quick. Come on. Stand up. There are a few like him. Right, Andy? Thank you. Great job you're doing. Thank you. Eli Crane. Great. Great. Doing a fantastic job. And we have a very popular candidate. I don't even know why it's a candidate. I mean, I feel he's been there for a long time.
He's done, really, a fantastic job. Abe Hamadeh. Thank you. It feels like you've been there a long time, Abe. And the chairwoman of the Yavapai-Apache tribe, Tanya Lewis. Tanya, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Tanya. Oh, beautiful. You look great. Thank you, darling. Also, we have many Azerasians in our room.
We have some incredible people in our room. We have so many that we just can't -- but we have some people in our room that I'm not going to mention because, and they fully understand why, because I don't have time. But Robert O'Brien, I'm mentioning because he's the one that got the 300-plus people. So, Robert O'Brien, please stand up.
Thank you. And Rick Grenell. Is Rick here? What happened to Rick? What happened to Rick? Oh, he's in trouble. Attorney General Sean Reyes. Thank you, Sean. Thank you. Raul Labrador. Thank you very much. Thanks. And Glenn Beck. I'm going to be doing his show. Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, Glenn. And two guys that are definitely strong people, Dave Riley and Dave Sparks, also known as Diesel Brothers.
The Diesel Brothers. And Gold Star father, Darin Hoover; and mother, Kelly Barnett. They're here, and they're incredible people. I've gotten to know them. Taylor Hoover gave his life in Afghanistan. And thank you both very much. Thank you very much. Great young guy. It should've never happened. It should've never happened.
They should've been at Bagram, and they should've done it properly. They didn't do the right job, but we appreciate it. It's great knowing you, too. I've gotten to know them, gotten to know a lot of the 13 families and the incredible people. It should've never happened. It was gross incompetence. Number one, you don't take your soldiers out first.
You take them out last. That was the start. But we appreciate it very much. We'll see you again soon. I also want to send our love back to everyone in the East affected by the terrible recent hurricanes, and God bless you all. They've gone through a lot. Thank you. So, in closing, I just want to say Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas.
Do you know who Pocahontas is? She cost a typical American family $29,000 worth her inflation nightmare. It cost you 29,000. You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had Ukraine being attacked by Russia. You wouldn't have October 7th with Israel. It wouldn't have happened. You wouldn't have had that horrible -- we were leaving Afghanistan.
We would have left with dignity and strength, and we would have kept Bagram, the big air base that we gave up to China. China now has it. Congratulations. The reason we should have kept it is because it was one hour away from where China makes their missiles. Just a horrible thing that we did. This this group of people -- and nobody gets fired.
That's why nobody writes books about this guy. Well, number one, they wouldn't be buying them probably anyway. But nobody ever gets fired. Every general in that deal should have been fired, every single general. You know, I defeated ISIS rapidly. We did it in a matter of weeks. It was supposed to take years.
We have a great military, but we defeated -- but, you know, with Biden, they have all those mistakes made constantly, on inflation. Everything's a mistake. Nothing works that he does. Nothing works. Nobody ever gets fired. I think he does that to avoid the bad books, but it's a terrible thing. When you do a bad job, you're fired.
Get the hell out of here. But Kamala was an original creator, I'm sure Border Patrol and ICE would like to hear this, of Defund the Police. She wanted to have Defund the Police. [Audience boos] She was one of the people in charge. She was the proud defunder of the police. And by the way, anybody who wants to defund the police, even if it was for a short time, and in her case, it was many years, is not worthy of being president of the United States. [Applause]
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE, their friends. She wants to ban fracking. As California attorney general, she redefined -- and this is, like, crazy. Child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person, she redefined them as totally nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos] No.
Remember, she changed all -- she's a different one. A year ago, if you looked at the debate where she was the first one to lose, she never got to Iowa. Great state. We love Iowa. See, now, I don't have to go there because I've given it the kudos that it deserves. It's a great -- it is. It's a great place, but we're leading by so much.
We don't have to go there. Thank you, Iowa. I love you. But she never got to Iowa. She was out in the primaries. She was the first one out of 22. She got thrown out, and now here she is. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. [Audience boos] But think of it, 15 different things she changed.
She took things. Now, she thinks fracking is wonderful. Now, she thinks the ownership of a gun is a wonderful thing. She said, "Oh, I have one." "What kind is it?" "Oh, let me think about that." She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos] And she wanted to turn -- but we're not going to let her.
We'll get there in time. By the way, they're incapable of doing this anyway. Our military will never be woke, a couple of the losers on top but will never be woke. It will never be woke. Take a look at this, on the beautiful screen behind me. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
All right. We won two world wars, and then we changed the name of bases. Can you imagine? And in North Carolina, they want the name Bragg. We took it out. Fort Bragg, it's now got a different name. It's now got a different name. We'll have to see about that. I think we're going to change that name back. [Applause]
And Kamala also lied about -- you know, I hate to bring it up because it's sort of so simple. They could say, "Oh, he speaks in such simple terms." But she said she had a job at McDonald's, and it was a lie. She never worked at McDonald's. So, I bring it up. Oftentimes, though, it's the best thing you can say.
No. She lied about McDonald's. I think next week or shortly thereafter, I am going to McDonald's to stand over the french fries, so I can see how hard her job that never turned out would be. And by the way, the head of the Republican Party in Arizona is here. Please stand up. What a job you're doing.
What a job. I just spotted you. Wow. And I hear we're doing well, huh? It's good. Yeah. I hear. We hear good things. Early voting, we hear. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. Thank you. Great job you're doing. With your vote this November, we're going to defeat this radical-left country destroyer. We're going to finish what we very brilliantly started.
We had something going. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. We had the best we've ever had, but the best -- we had the safest border, the best border, the fewest people, the fewest drugs. We were watching the drugs, human trafficking, which is mostly in women, unfortunately. It's vicious.
Mostly in women. We had everything down to the lowest numbers they've ever seen. We will quickly become energy independent again. Think of it. We were energy independent four years ago, but we will immediately frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, everybody in this room, within 12 months.
We have all -- we have liquid gold, and we can do anything. We buy our oil from Venezuela. We call it Venezuelan tar. It's not -- it's tar. And you have to take it and heat the hell out of it. What a mess. It goes right up. For those environmentalists, if you are an environmentalist, it goes right up.
And you know where it's done? In Houston because it's the only plant that can do it. It's the only plant that's equipped to do it. I will cancel Kamala Harris' insane electric vehicle mandate immediately. All forms of cars. Because a couple of people told me they don't want to stop 12 times to take a drive to Washington.
You don't want to drive to various parts of the country when you can drive and have gasoline left over. You don't want to stop 19 times. I will stop outsourcing and turn the U.S. into a manufacturing superpower. That's going to happen because what I told you about the cars is applicable to every other industry.
We're going to have so many new businesses. You're going to be calling me. Remember, I used to talk about winning, winning, winning, right? Same thing. "Please, sir. Please, we can't take any more companies coming into America. It's too many, sir. It's no good. They're coming in from Germany. They're coming in from Japan. Sir, we can't take it anymore. We can't take the jobs. We can't take the money that we're making. We never made so much damn money. Everybody wants us to work there, sir. They're paying us anything. Please stop, sir. We can't take it anymore."
Remember we used to do that with winning? You're going to win so much. And I'd have one of your senators. I'd have Kash come in. I'd have Kash come in. I'd have all these guys come in. They probably have to send Sheriff Joe because he's the one that gets to me better than anybody, probably. They'll send -- and Sheriff Joe and Brandon and Kari, they'll all come in, and they'll say, "Sir, remember, we're winning too much, sir. We can't take it."
Because we've been a loser for so long, and we used to joke. And we weren't joking because we were winning like we never won before. Our economy became the best economy we've ever had. We were doubling up on China. Excuse me. China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs. No other president got 10 cents from China.
And I got along with them great until COVID, and then I said that's a bridge too far. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War III. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
That includes you guys, OK? That includes -- he said, "Does that include us?" Yeah. You're top of the list. We will strengthen and modernize our military. You know, I rebuilt the entire U.S. military. Now, we have to do it. I didn't know that they were going to give such a big chunk for no reason whatsoever to Afghanistan, tanks, planes, even goggles, the best goggles.
Now, they became night fighters. Isn't that wonderful? What we gave them, 777,000 guns and rifles. Think of that. First of all, how many did they need? 777,000 guns, 70,000 cars and vehicles. Many of them are armor-plated. It cost millions of dollars to build them, and they have them. And they just had a parade three weeks ago.
Did you see going down their main thoroughfare? It wasn't particularly beautiful. And they were showing off all the equipment. Did you see that? It was disgusting to me. I look at that. I get disgusted and angry. Sometimes, you know, I make these speeches, and we try and make the best out of a bad situation.
But sometimes, I get very angry by the end because I say it's really crazy. You know, you go over the things they did, like the border, but you go over the things, and you get damn angry because they're just grossly incompetent. They've destroyed -- they've actually destroyed -- we're going to stop it.
We're going to turn it around. But what they've done toward the destruction of our country is not even -- it's not even believable. It's not thinkable. We'll build a missile defense shield, all of it made in the USA. We're entitled to it, too. It's our technology. [Applause] And we will rebuild our cities, including our once-beautiful Capitol.
Right now, it's got graffiti all over the beautiful marble. It's got the medians falling down on our roads. It's got potholes all over the place. We're going to take over our Capitol. We're going to make it so beautiful. We'll have a committee. We'll get rid of these people that are allowing crime to flourish.
You can't go there. It's so dangerous. We're going to rebuild our cities. We're going to make our cities great again, too. Our cities are suffering tremendously. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I guarantee you that.
I will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections, and they will be secure once and for all. Under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first.
We will put them first. We love those people. And we will put communists, Marxists, and fascists last. So, we'll keep them there, too. We're going to put them last and keep them here. We will defend our territory. We will defend our families. We will defend our communities. We will defend our civilization.
We will not be conquered. We will not be occupied. We will not be invaded. We will reclaim our sovereignty. We will reclaim our nation, and I will give you back your freedom and your life. We're going to give you back your freedom. [Applause] Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda once and for all. And we want a landslide election, and I believe something's brewing like that. That's too big to rig. Too big to rig. Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and get out and vote. We cannot take a chance.
After all, we have been through -- together, we've been through so much. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. We're going to make them the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help, from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.
Nothing will sway us, nothing will slow us, and no one will stop us. We will press forward toward our magnificent American destiny, and together, we will win, win, win. [Applause] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again, wealthy, wealthy, wealthy. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Arizona. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless you.
[Audience chants "U.S.A."] Thank you very much. You know, over the years I've had and heard that song sung by others, and honestly, it's not the same. This man just sings it in a way that nobody else can sing that particular song, and it's become so popular, like in some circles, the most popular song of its kind.
I just want to thank Lee. He's been with us from the beginning. Really a talented, unique guy, and a good person with a great family. So, thank you very much, Lee. We appreciate it very much, and a very special hello to North Carolina. I don't know if my boy told you, but Laura and Eric have two beautiful children.
One of them happens to be named Carolina, so that's pretty good. That means you like the place pretty much, huh? So, it's great, but it's also great to be back in this incredible state with so many proud American patriots who believe in faith and family, God, and country. Thank you very much. We need more of that in this nation, don't we? We need more of that.
We'd be a much different place right now because right now it's not doing well. Right now, we're a failing nation, but we will soon be a great nation again. Earlier today, I visited western North Carolina and witnessed the terrible devastation from Hurricane Helene. I was actually here about a week and a half ago right after, but I didn't want to come into certain sections because I wanted to let them do their job.
Our federal government, as you know, and FEMA has really let them down, especially in North Carolina. It's a shame. They spent a lot of money on having illegal people come into our country, migrants. You've heard about it. There wasn't a lot of money for the people of North Carolina or a lot of the people from a lot of other states that were also devastated by that monster.
That was a monster storm. But so many people have come together and done an incredible job, including Franklin Graham, who's been amazing. To every family who has lost a loved one or a home, our hearts are with you, and we're praying for you. The homes are bad, but family members are really bad. That's a tough one.
It's something you can never -- really, you can't shake that, but all I can do is say, we love you and we're with you 100 percent. And on January 20th, if we win this election, I always like to say "if," and people say, "Oh, please say when," but, you know, we have to understand that bad things can happen, but we're not going to let it happen.
We're never going to let it happen again. We're doing really well. We're leading. I know nobody in this room gambles, but some of the gambling polls are really in there, like 65 to 35 or something like that, I saw one. But nobody here gambles. Does anybody in this room? No, no, no, no, no. Great Christians don't gamble, do they? Oh, no.
So, we're doing really well, I would say, beyond our wildest expectations, and that's not only in polls. More particularly, it's in the votes that are being cast. They're coming in at levels that we've never seen. One of the things that's amazing is North Carolina, it was devastated, devastated, and yet areas that were -- the worst, the worst areas, we just left one, as you know, and I met some of the greatest people, but they just set a record for votes cast thus far, and their homes are gone.
I mean, it's an amazing, it's an amazing thing. I figured maybe you had 50%, and these are -- they call it Trump country, and I'm very honored by that. But these are Trump people, and just think of that, their homes have gone, they've gone through such hell, and it's as big a water storm, they say, as we've ever seen in this country.
They just set a record. They compared it to the two elections previous, and we have a substantial number more. Can you imagine that? I mean, those are great, great people. Thank you very much. I want to thank a very special man, Ben Carson, Dr. Ben Carson, for organizing this, and of course, Candy, because without Candy, I don't know if Ben would be the same.
I don't think so, actually. That's a special couple. But can I tell him the one quick little story where you told me a couple of times? But, you know, Ben was very tough to beat, actually. He was getting up, up, up, and other people were falling in the wrong direction because he was in a primary with me, the original primary.
One day in a church, it was a Sunday morning and he was doing well, really well, and in a church, he came over to him and he said, "You know you're going to win, don't you?" I said, "What's this all about?" Because he's a tough competitor. I said, "What is this all about?" He said, "God has picked you to win."
Can you believe that, right? And you have no idea. It was so tough for him to say that. I said, "This is really something," and he really was. He is something. People love him, and they loved him then, and they even love him more now. He went to HUD, which is, I must say, it's always mired in scandal.
People, you know, you're giving out a lot of money and there's a lot of bad things happen when you're giving out all that money, and Ben went four years. Perfection. I don't know. Has it ever happened before? Has it ever happened before? I wasn't surprised, but a lot of people were surprised. Anytime you get through that one for four years, you have to be one honest gentleman.
But he ran it really great, and he's a special man, and he's done a special job today, and it's my honor to be here. Thank you very much, and thank you, Ben and Candy, very much. Appreciate it. That's some story though, isn't it Ben, huh? Candy? I love that story. I'd also like to thank somebody that's done unbelievable things, and especially in very hard times.
When I was president and I would go to a lot of the sites, the tornadoes, the tornadoes of vicious, they ask, which are the worst, the tornadoes, the hurricanes, the tsunamis? And I have a friend, that's what he does. He studies this. I said, "So, what's the worst?" He actually said, "Tsunami. The ocean just lifts up, and a lot of bad things happen, in terms of the level."
But they're all bad in their own way, but I've been with Franklin Graham through a lot of them, and we're very happy to have helped them out during the course of most of them, and maybe in particular, this one. This was so sad to see, such a great part of our country and so devastating. When you looked at the size of that storm, that hurricane, it covered the whole state of Florida, practically.
You know, Normally, you see a little trough through it or hitting one area, but you'd look at the map, and you look at the whole state of Florida was covered in one form or another. And Franklin Graham just is a special, special person with a great family. And his father wasn't too bad either, right? You know, my father used to take me to Yankee Stadium.
He loved Billy Graham, and he would take me as a young guy. He'd take me to Yankee Stadium. He thought Billy Graham was great, and I'll tell you what. Billy Graham is looking down, and he's very proud of his son and his family. I can tell you that, without question. Pastor Paula White, I've known for a long time.
And she is so unbelievable, what she's done for the campaign. She's just organized everything. Everybody respects her. She'll call meetings, and everybody shows up. Even if it's two hours later, they'll get here. And she's just a very incredible woman. And what she's done with evangelicals, what she's done with, actually, people of all faiths, what she's done really has made a big difference.
We get 88% of the vote. And people would say, "Wow, that's not bad. 88%," and they said, "How did you do that?" I said, "Would you please speak to Paula White?" Because she knew what she was doing, and we have a team of pastors, ministers, and even rabbis, where we are very -- they like what I've done for Israel.
I can tell you that. We have a lot of rabbis. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Where is Paula? Where is Paula? She was right behind me before. You know, she's probably working because she gas. That's what she does, but Paula, she's here someplace. She's right back there. And she's making phone calls, getting more people lined up for the vote.
I'd rather have her do that than be here. But that's the kind of person she is. She's fantastic. And Scott Turner, who was in the administration. Scott, where's Scott? Come on, Scott. This guy, a great person, a great everything, great athlete, and a very fine man, and you really did something very special for the administration.
We really appreciate it, and get ready, get ready. Just keep yourself in good shape. We don't have to worry about his shape, I can tell you that, but we appreciate it, Scott. Thank you very much. And a beautiful speaker, boy. He got up, and he would talk to groups of people and they were so jazzed up.
They could do anything. He was very special, and a person that's -- I have to say, the most special. We have to say this, been the most special of them all because he's my son, you know? [Applause] I mean, I'm saying how can he be more special than Ben Carson? But Ben, do you mind if I say, he's my son? Am I allowed to say just slightly more special? Oh, you're tied.
Let's call it a tie, OK? But Eric has been amazing in business, and everything he has done has been so incredible. He has become a legend in the legal profession because he's the most subpoenaed human being in history. He's gotten more subpoenas than any human being in history. Every day, Congress, this one and that one, deranged Jack Smith.
We had people, the likes of which nobody -- you talk about weaponization of government, what they've done is incredible. And he's cool as a cucumber. "Yeah, Dad. We got another couple of subpoenas today." "Where'd they come from?" "Congress. This one, that one." And Crazy Nancy Pelosi would send them like it's cookies.
She had subpoenas on the corner of her desk, and congressmen would just walk in and grab a subpoena, write it, and send it. And I'd say, "Yeah, Eric. Handle it." He became very proficient. He's a great, young man, and he really is very excited about today. Did he do a good job when he spoke? [Applause] He's great.
He's great. He's got a lot of talent, a lot of talent. And also here is my daughter, Tiffany, and her husband, Michael. And Tiffany is pregnant, going to have a baby. She's going to have a baby, and is going to be a -- I'm not allowed to say what the baby is going to be, am I? I don't know. I'm not going to put her on the spot.
I'm not going to say it. I'm not taking a chance. I don't want to see her have a long face, "Dad, you shouldn't have said that, Dad." But she's been, from day one, she was a great student, and she went to a fantastic law school, graduated No. 1 in her class, and we couldn't be happier. I mean, I've just never had a problem with her.
I shouldn't say. We better knock on wood. Where's some wood around here? That's one piece of wood. Most of it is plastic. But she has been an amazing person, and her husband's doing a great job. And thank you, Michael, for the job you're doing. Appreciate it. Congratulations though. And Linda McMahon, who most of you know, she headed up small business for the government.
Now, small business is giant business. When you add it all up, I think it's probably bigger than any bank in the world. And she was one of our great people in the administration and a very, very successful woman. She was very generous, I know, with Franklin and with the work done here, she was really very generous and she's always generous.
She's been generous to the campaign, but we're very proud of her. Linda, wherever you may be? Where are you, Linda? Linda? Linda? Thank you, Linda. Thank you. Thank you. An incredible woman. And a friend of mine also, Steve Witkoff, who's a very successful man and he is -- where is Witkoff? He is somebody that's been also very -- he wrote a big check for Franklin to take care of a place called North Carolina and so we like him.
Even if we didn't like him, we like him, right? Steve Witkoff. Thank you, Steve, very much. And Peter Navarro, I heard he gave a great speech and Peter is --Peter took a lot of abuse. He talked about weaponization. And do I see my favorite person here? Will you please stand up? What's this all about? Stand up.
Wow. Thank you, darling. Right from the beginning, right? Right from the beginning, from day one, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Elvira, appreciate it. And thank you to every pastor, patriot, and faith leader here today, we have so many. We have so many people, I'm -- this is the worst is when you introduce some, you're in trouble.
Because I'm seeing six, seven people, I get a lot of people that -- I see a group of two over there, I'm in trouble but let's get on with it. Do you mind? Let's get on because, with your help, we're going to make America great again. [Audience responds "Yeah"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you, Michael. Thank you very much. So, I was introduced to church at a very early age, and I had a wonderful church, actually, in Jamaica, Queens, First Presbyterian Church. I don't know if you know it, it was built a long time ago, and it was great. But very early and then, ultimately, on Sundays, my parents, Fred and Mary, would drive me into Manhattan to worship at Marble Collegiate Church where Dr.
Norman Vincent Peale, the author of one of the really big bestsellers, "The Power of Positive Thinking," he was the head pastor, great book. It was a great book then and a great book now. "Power of Positive Thinking," a lot of people could use a little positive thinking, right? And he was an incredible speaker.
My sister and I were both married there and the funeral services for both of my parents, my mom and dad were -- they took place in the main sanctuary of Marble Collegiate Church, and it was just always very special. I still remember the great sermons of Norman Vincent Peale, and he truly was one of the greatest speakers I've ever -- first, he was a believer but he was also a great speaker, unbelievable man.
I actually saw his last sermon. But when you left church, you were really disappointed that it was over. I mean, I can -- I have to say, I know we have a lot of pastors and ministers, but sometimes it's like -- am I allowed to say that? It's like a Biden, you know? Sometimes, not often, of course. But this man -- and, you know, he always preached in sort of modern times, a little bit in modern times, he'd bring it up, I remember.
I remember so many of his sermons but he talked about Alfred Sloan who was the founder of General Motors and how he grew up and how he had tremendous problems with alcohol and he became a major alcoholic. And then Norman Vincent Peale would just say, "And then one day he met God," and he would just -- the expression of this man.
He used to stand at a podium, and he'd always -- he'd be like this, just like that, and he'd preach and you really were -- you know, you were disappointed when it was over. He'd tell you stories about God, about many things, about life. It was really stories about life and how it pertained to religion and it was really amazing.
And he was amazing and a brilliant -- just the enthusiasm he had. And I listened to him for, I would say, 20 years. And then, one day, I went to church, Marble Collegiate, and he was now, I guess, in his 90s and he was preaching, and you could see he was getting a little bit tired and he stood just like I said, right over here to the left of the podium and he said, "I can't do this anymore."
That was it, and he just sat down, we all understood. He was just -- he was really -- no, I mean, he was really -- it was his last time at the podium and the last time he preached. And it was an amazing moment and everybody just stood up and applauded. It was a beautiful thing to watch actually. But to see him, because he was truly a very big name at the time and very respected and the fact that he wrote this book that was such a big bestseller, it was a massive bestseller.
Still is, I think. But as I look back at my life's journey and events, I now recognize that it's been the hand of God leading me to where I am today. [Applause] Thank you. And my faith took on new meaning on July 13th in Butler, Pennsylvania, where I was knocked to the ground, essentially, by what seemed like a supernatural hand.
And I would like to think that God saved me for a purpose and that's to make our country greater than ever before. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. And that is something. You know, Eric is a great shooter, great. If he were a golfer, he'd be like a plus-four. He's a great shooter, and so is Don.
They're both great shooters, they know a lot about guns. In fact, I think I got the blessing of the NRA because of my sons. Early on, I remember I was running against a lot of people that had good gun credentials, 2016, and the NRA, which was in its full bloom actually, they even spent $35 million on the campaign, but I think they did it because of my sons because they beat out a lot of very good people that believed in that whole world, little different world but that whole world because of Don and Eric.
But when they both heard what had happened that day at Butler, they said, "How far was it?" And I said it was 130 yards and they knew the weapon and they said, "I can't believe it," because -- Eric actually said a bad shooter would hit you every single time and I didn't realize it to that extent. I made that right-hand turn and I made it a little quickly and that got me in a position where it just -- Not a good feeling but much better than the alternative.
It wasn't the best feeling. And it was a bloody sucker, I will tell you that. I didn't realize but the doctor told me, he told me a couple of things. he said, "You're the luckiest man I've ever seen." He said, "I've been doing this for 25 years," and he said, "Sir, I'd like to suggest that you go out right now and buy a lottery ticket because this is a good day."
But Eric told me and Don told me that, you know -- I think they became more religious that day because they said that was amazing that we could have survived something like that. An eighth of an inch to a quarter of an inch away, so it's pretty amazing. [Audience member calls out "Praise God."] And if we didn't make -- thank you.
And if we didn't make -- thank you very much. If we didn't make the turn, that wouldn't have happened. And I made the turn to show a chart which became my all-time favorite chart in the history of the world, right? My all-time favorite, I sleep with that chart, I kiss that chart. But we're 15 days away from the most important election in the history of our country and, if you want to know what is at stake for Christians in this race, just listen to what Kamala Harris had to say last week.
Because when two college students, religious college students, and very good people, everybody said what wonderful young men they were and are, at a campaign stop, she heard shouting from the background, "Jesus is Lord" [Audience member calls out "Jesus is Lord."] "Jesus is Lord," and Kamala Harris ridiculed them, mocked them, and told them they were, quote, "You're at the wrong rally. Get the"
-- she basically said get out but I won't say that because people didn't hear that so much, but then she said, "You're at the wrong rally." And that's really what she meant, that's really what she meant. She's very destructive to religion, she's very destructive to Christianity, and very destructive to evangelicals and to the Catholic Church.
And she's -- let me put it this way, Ben, she is your worst nightmare, much worse than Biden, and he wasn't so hot. But while Kamala says that people who believe in Jesus don't belong to her rallies, you have to remember that that's as loud as it can be. In fact, a lot of people said that would be disqualifying for her, that would be a disqualification.
In our movement, we love Christians, we welcome believers, and we embrace followers of Jesus. [Applause] Thank you. [Audience chants "Jesus"] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Boy, this is a lively group, Ben. This is a very lively group you've assembled. What's going on with Ben? This is something, Ben.
But at Trump rallies, we don't tell Christians to get lost, we tell Christians to get out and vote. [Audience responds "Yeah"] You don't have the choice of sitting out this election because, if Kamala Harris gets four more years, the radical left is not going to leave Christians alone, it's going to get worse and worse, and you're going to suffer greatly.
They will come after Christians all over the country, Kamala Harris has vowed to abolish the filibuster, letting her pack the Supreme Court and I even heard as many as 25 justices. The Supreme Court with Marxist radicals, with people that we don't want on the Supreme Court to rewrite the Constitution and to overrule your values.
I think one of the greatest things I've done is the Supreme Court and also getting over 300 judges appointed throughout our land that have made a tremendous difference. Those 300 judges have made a tremendous difference. She'll flood our country with tens of millions more illegal aliens and make them all citizens cancelling out your voting power forever.
Kamala will mandate that every public school in America must promote the idea that children can change their genders, allow men into girls' locker room [Audience boos] and also allow men to play in women's sports. [Audience boos] Can you imagine that, men in women's sports? And it's such a strong movement by, I believe, really, a very, very small group of people.
Because, you know, it's interesting, I haven't met one person that thinks that's a good idea, and yet it's a movement but I've never met anybody. Now, I don't know everybody, but I haven't met anybody that wants it. And even the young ladies that are afraid of what's happening, you saw the other day the volleyball player who was hit very hard on the head by a ball, a smash that -- in fact, I saw this person, a person, who transitioned, hit the ball.
That ball was moving as fast as the ball can move, and she said, "I've never seen anything like it," really whacked her. But some people were put out of commission just in volleyball, let alone other sports. But when you look at weightlifting, how about that one? Or you look at swimming records, track records, it's so demeaning to women.
It's so ridiculous, it's so demeaning. But Kamala will force doctors and parents to allow sex changes and geno-mutilation of minor children, that's what they do. She has it literally where sex change operations for people in detention, when they were being held in detention, if they wanted a sex change operation, she said, "Yes, I approve it."
I mean, who would do this? Who would do this? And, you know, I'm talking about everything else, but I'm also talking it's an extremely difficult operation and a very expensive operation. But who would do this and who would want this? And between that, she was the head of the movement, defund the police.
You have to understand, she's a radical left Marxist, and a lot of people want to know what does that mean. She's a person so far left, like nobody's seen in the Senate in many, many years. But the main thing is she's not a very bright person either, that's a dangerous -- that's a really dangerous combination.
Your religious liberty will be gone, your free speech will be gone, your Second Amendment will be gone and parental rights will be gone forever. So, I'm here tonight to deliver a simple message to Christians across America, it's time to stand up and save your country. [Audience responds "Yeah"] [Audience chants "U.S.A."
] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [Audience member calls out "Vote Trump"] On November 5th, Christian voters need to turn out in the largest numbers ever. Do you know that, if you did that -- because you have a reputation of not voting proportionately like you should, you do know that? I think that maybe it's a form of rebellion, could that be possible? You know, the two groups, not to equate them, but they are probably associated in some form, but Christians, evangelicals but Christians and gun owners, gun owners don't vote.
They vote but very small proportions. If they did or if Christians did, nobody could ever beat us, nobody. So, I hope that we're going to get numbers like we haven't seen. Remember, this is your last day -- today is your last day of registration, you have to remember that. And so, if you want to leave right now, go, I won't be insulted.
Leave right now and go and register but this is your last day. So, we need to tell Kamala Harris that we've had enough. Kamala, you've been the worst vice president, you're a member of the worst administration in the history of our country. The happiest person around is Jimmy Carter because Jimmy Carter is considered a brilliant president by comparison to Crooked Joe Biden.
Jimmy Carter is brilliant, his administration will go down as a brilliant administration compared to Crooked Joe. But we're going to say, Kamala, you've done a horrible job, you're a horrible vice president, there's no way you're going to be our president. Kamala, you are fired. Get out. Out, out, out. [Applause]
Right? For four straight years, I fought for Christians like no president has ever fought before, you know that. I protected the religious freedom of doctors, nurses, teachers, and faith groups like the Little Sisters of the Poor, oh, I fought for them. I blocked the IRS, they were coming after everybody.
They still are, I guess, to an extent, but now they are because of this administration. But I blocked the IRS from using the Johnson Amendment to interfere with pastors' freedom of speech. We want to hear from our pastors, we don't want them to be shy. Where they take away your tax-exempt status because a pastor mentioned something that's slightly political and I ended it.
Kamala Harris has taken it away. And we're not -- I'll tell you what, if she has taken your right away, I gave that to you and they took it back, but we're going to give it back to you within the first week. I'd like to make it the first day but it'll take me a little while. So, we're going to give it back to you, within the first week, you're going to have that right because we want to hear from these people.
There aren't too many people I want to hear from, but you I do want to hear from. So, we're going to give you back within the first week and Paula will make sure that that takes place, I will not disappoint you. I appointed 300 judges to interpret the law and the Constitution as written and withstood the vicious attacks to confirm three great Supreme Court Justices Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh, and Amy Coney Barrett, they're great and they're courageous.
They're courageous and they're brilliant but they are courageous. What they have to endure with the radical left and all of the things that they have to listen to, I actually think it's illegal what people do. They call it playing the ref. You know playing the ref? They'll say horrible things hoping that the three but also judges, they play the ref with judges -- the great Bobby Knight basketball.
He used to scream at the referee, he would scream like nobody ever screamed before. Indiana, he was a great guy, he backed me early on. He said, "You're going to win." I said, "Well, I don't know, Bobby." He said, "Yeah, you're going to win, I have no doubt." He said, "I want this guy named Trump to run for president."
I didn't. I called him up to thank him, he said, "You're going to win. All you have to do is say it, you got to run." And he was a tough cookie. Just died recently, but he had the last undefeated team in college basketball. He won two or three national championships. He was a great coach and he never had the great -- he had a couple, I guess, great players but he never had that real player that some teams have, he just did it with team.
But he would scream at the referees, they called it playing the ref and they'd say, "Bobby, Bobby, you got to stop. Bobby, don't do it, you're not going to win this call. You're not going to win it, it's over." He said, "No, but I'm going to win the next call," and it's true. They'd knock the hell out of somebody and the referee was afraid to call it, it's true.
He was a master. But they do that, they play the ref. They start screaming about the judge is no good and this one's no good and they're slow and they're lousy judges and the judge should be impeached and all of this crap when you have a brilliant judge that's doing the right thing and they get -- and some people will fold a little bit, they'll say, "Hey, I'll get them off my back, let me just give a bad ruling here or there," and some will do that actually.
But fortunately, most have courage and they understand. I really believe it's illegal what they do. And I know there's some great lawyers in there and we're going to look at it because what they do is so obvious, what they've done to the Supreme Court, even with the protection of their houses -- you're not supposed to be allowed to march in front.
They didn't stop it. You're not allowed to do any of these things that are happening. But they're playing the ref and they're playing it with judges and justices and they shouldn't be allowed to do it. And I believe it's illegal. I issued guidance making clear that the right to freedom of worship does not end at the door to a public school.
We took care of it. Thank you. Thank you very much. And I stood proudly with our friend and ally, the state of Israel. I kept my promise, recognized Israel's eternal capital, and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem, and I actually got it built. I actually got it built. But many, many presidents before me said -- they campaigned on doing that and then they didn't do it.
And I understand why, because when I got into office, I was called by people, heads of state, highest level. I was called by kings and prime ministers. I was called by everybody, "Don't do it. Don't do it." And then they heard I was going to do it, and they all called me and I said, "Just do me a favor."
I shouldn't say this because little white -- would you call it? Yeah, I wasn't available. I said, "Just tell them I won't be available but I'll call" -- this I think was a Thursday. I said, "I'll call you back on Monday," to kings, to the biggest people from the biggest countries, most powerful countries.
And I said, "I'll call you back." And then on Thursday, I announced it. I said, "We are going to do exactly what a lot of people didn't want me to do." They said there'd be bloodshed and everything else all over. There was none. And I did something that no other president had the courage to do. And then on Monday, I called them back, "Hi, how have you been?" "I tried getting you. I wasn't able to, but you've already done it."
So, we made Jerusalem the capital. And that brought a lot of -- did you know that? That was something I didn't know, but I understood why other presidents were -- I mean, every single person that campaigned for decades and decades, every president said they were going to do it, none of them did it. I did.
I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. The Golan Heights was a big deal. The Golan Heights, that's another thing. Seventy-two years, people would come in and leave, come in and leave. They'd meet every year, every two years about the Golan Heights. And I spoke with David Friedman.
I said, "Give me a lesson in five minutes or less on the Golan Heights," and he did. Talked about how important it was strategically before all of the modern equipment and radar and all of that that we have now. But it was unbelievably important from a military because it was the highest point in the Middle East.
And I did that. And nobody even asked for that because they thought that would be a bridge too far. But I did that for Israel, and I was the first and only president to convene a meeting at the United Nations to end religious persecution worldwide. Nobody's done what I've done in terms of religion, in terms of Christianity, but in terms of religion, nobody's done what I did.
And we did all of this and much more in four short years. And I will keep on fighting for our cherished American values when I become the 47th president of the United States. [Applause] Thank you. Under Kamala Harris, you've seen the Department of Justice target parents at school board meetings. Have you ever seen anything like it? They're like the enemy.
It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. These great people, they just want their children to be treated reasonably well. And the FBI would send spies into Catholic churches. I don't know how many Catholics are here, but if you're Catholic, there is no way you can be voting for these people. These people are a nightmare.
I don't know what they have against Catholics, but Catholics are treated worse than anybody. And by the way, evangelicals are next. You can bet on it. Evangelicals are next. But they label Catholics as potential domestic terrorists. And the fact is that they'll be coming after you soon. These people are sick.
These people are very sick people. Christians will not be safe with Kamala Harris as president of the United States. It's not even thinkable. She's going to deal with President Xi of China. I don't think so. I know him very well. He's a very fierce man. Putin, all of these people, I know him all very well, and we'll end up in Third World War because they have no idea.
They have no idea. We're not going to have a Third World War. But if they get in, I think that we will have a Third World War out of stupidity, out of absolute stupidity. Think of it. Putin would've never, ever attacked Ukraine if I were president. All of those people that are now dead would not be dead.
All of those cities that are knocked to the ground with those magnificent domed towers that are lying on the side, shattered into a million pieces, all of that would be up right now. You take a look at those cities, they've been bombed, they've been -- there's nothing standing. There's literally not a building standing in many of them.
As soon as I take the oath of office, I will stop Kamala Harris' weaponization of law enforcement against Americans of faith. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. And, you know, I'm just -- did you ever notice -- so, it's Kamala Harris. Nobody knows who the hell Harris is, right? Do you ever say, "And we're going to stop Harris," they all go, "Who's Harris?" It's a weird thing.
You think your name would be -- but isn't it true nobody knows who Harris is, so we'll call her Kamala. It's a weird thing. Lots of strange things take place in politics, don't they? But I will create a new federal task force on fighting anti-Christian bias. That'll be done immediately. And I think it's very important for the people in this room to know, like Dr.
Ben Carson knows, Americans of faith are not a threat to our country. Americans of faith are the soul of our country, right? I will, once again, appoint rock-solid pro-Constitutional judges to faithfully interpret the law and the Constitution. The 300 judges that we appointed changed the whole -- I mean, it was so bad.
It was so bad what was happening out there. And these are great people, and they're fair people, and they do the right thing. We believe in the First Amendment rights of freedom of worship and freedom of speech. And I will deliver universal school choice, empowering every parent to send their child to the public, private, charter, or religious school that is right for them.
And I will allow homeschool parents to spend $10,000 a year tax-free on costs associated with their children's education. Under the Trump administration, we will return patriotic education to our schools. That's OK. That's a good thing. Kamala Harris supports the 1619 Project. [Audience boos] Think of that.
She supports it strongly. That teaches children to hate their country, that's what it does. The 1619 Project was condemned by every historian, and yet, Kamala, Harris' administration tried to push it into schools all across America. She fought very hard for that. She also fought very hard for the people that burned down Minneapolis, that were literally at war in Minnesota with one of the worst governors.
I cannot believe this guy's a governor. Can you imagine him as a president? He's a wackadoo. And by the way, how good did JD Vance do in exposing him? [Applause] They lie about everything. You know, they were going today -- every single thing they say, it's the opposite. "Project 2025, Trump loves it. He loves it. He loves"
-- they just say it. I've totally disavowed it. A group of people went and I don't know what they did. I said specifically -- I refused to read it. But every time they get up, they say everything that I've disavowed, they go on again and again and again. And the radical left people that are listening to them just let them talk.
And they know it's all a big lie, but they just lie. I've never seen anything like it. You know, I've had some political opponents before. Even Crooked Hillary didn't lie like these people. And she lied a lot. But these people are going -- I actually think they're choking because I watched today every single thing that I've said, "No, no, no," they say, "He said yes, yes, yes," like point after point.
And no, there's something going on in their heads. Perhaps it's Trump derangement syndrome. It's horrible. Or perhaps they know they're losing because we're doing very well. They know how well we're doing even the fake news. And that's a lot of fake news back there, Ben. [Audience boos] The fake news knows how well we're doing.
Isn't it sad that we have to rely on the gambling -- the gamblers are the ones that are the only ones that want to say it? They're the ones -- 65%. No, no, they know. But we're going to just let it wait. And I really think we're going to have maybe one of the greatest victories in the history of our country, history of our country.
On day one, I will sign an executive order banning schools from promoting critical race theory or transgender. I will take historic action to defeat the toxic poison of gender ideology and reaffirm that God created two genders, male and female. I will keep men out of women's sports. I will sign a law banning child sexual mutilation in all 50 states, won't happen anymore.
And we will proudly say Merry Christmas again. On day one, I will stop the migrant invasion. We will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of our country. I will end inflation and we will make America affordable again. We will quickly become energy-independent again. You know, we were energy-independent just four years ago.
And we will frack, frack, frack, and drill, baby, drill. And I will cut energy prices in half within 12 months from January 20th, the day you assume the office of the president because we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country, including Russia and including Saudi Arabia. We were third and maybe even fourth when I got in there.
When I left, we were No. 1 in energy production. And we did things that were amazing. We would've right now been four times higher than we were. We would've been making money, paying down debt. We would've been in a position that you wouldn't believe. But they decided to do it a different way. It's terrible.
They put wind all over the place. Wind kills you birds. And if you want to watch television and the wind isn't blowing, you can forget it. "Darling, let's watch the president tonight." "I'm sorry, Esther. But the wind isn't blowing. We won't be able to watch." It's not exactly the most reliable source, but it is something.
It's the most expensive source by far. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War III. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.
And we will secure our elections. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day we will be filled with opportunity and hope. We will again have the American dream for our children. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda. We have to stop it once and for all.
We want a landslide that is too big to rig, too big to rig. Early voting is underway so you know what you have to do. So, Christians, get everyone you know and vote. You have to vote, or we're not going to have the life that we should have, a life of prosperity and hope, a life of beauty. We're not going to have it.
We're going to be fighting for our lives. These people have -- they mean serious business. I honestly believe in many cases, they're sick. And we cannot let this happen because it was our religion that kept our country together for many years. It was our religion that kept it together. And they're trying to take that away and they're trying to destroy our country.
After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years of the history of our country. With your help from now until election day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. [Applause]
[Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. And it's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking, American patriots. That's what you are. And before going further, I want to let everyone who is still recovering from the hurricanes that hit Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Tennessee, and Virginia to know that we are thinking of them and we are praying for them.
God bless them. God bless them. We have a lot of great people today, and I'll do it at the beginning because we have a lot to talk about. What the hell is happening with our country? What are they doing? What are they doing to Colorado? They're ruining your state. They're ruining your state. So, let's do this.
Let's just very quickly mention some of the really great people and great patriots, and then we're going to get back into the business of discussing what we're going to do. You know what you're going to do? You're going to vote for Trump, and we'll solve your problem in about 15 minutes. We're pleased to be joined this afternoon by Congresswoman Lauren Boebert.
Lauren, good job today. Thank you. Also, Greg Lopez. Thank you, Greg. And a woman who beat Liz Cheney by the largest margin in the history of Congress. She got out of that whack job. Harriet Hagerman. Harriet, thank you. Where's Harriet? What a job. She beat herself badly. The single biggest victory in the history, defeating a person sitting in Congress, and she deserved it.
She is bad news. Thank you, Harriet, very much. You're really fantastic. Thank you, darling. Also, we have congressional candidates who are really terrific people. They have my endorsement. Gabe Evans and Jeff Crank. A candidate for Congress and former ICE field office director who did a really good job for me, John Fabbricatore.
John Fabbricatore. That's a hell of a name, but it worked. It worked because he did a great job. Wyoming secretary of state, Chuck Gray. Chuck, thank you very much. Great job, Chuck. The sheriff of Douglas County, Darren Weekly. Aurora City councilwoman, Danielle Jurinsky. And Stephanie Hancock. The founder or president of the Article III Project, this guy is tough as hell.
We want him in a very high capacity, Mike Davis. Mike. Thank you, Mike. Where's Mike? Mike is great. Here's a man -- I met him backstage, and I realized I'd never be a big football player. Denver Bronco Derek Wolfe. Where is he? Where is he? Where is he? Man, is he -- where is he? Oh, there he -- he's a little hard.
You are one big guy. You know, you are one hell of a guy, but you had a great career. Congratulations. Ten years in the NFL, all with your team, and he was a winner. He was a winner. And you are a winner. Thank you very much for being here, Derek. Appreciate it. We have a very popular man, a very popular political person, and a great congressman from Texas, Wesley Hunt.
Wesley. Wesley's fantastic. Thank you. Wesley came in with me. And a woman who's, unbelievable, actually. I've gotten to know her. She endorsed me in 2016. I said, "You got to be kidding." It was a surprise endorsement. And she believed in the message and what we were saying. We were right about what we were saying.
You know, when we came down that escalator and I made those statements, everyone said, "How terrible are those statements?" Turned out that they were minor compared to -- they were, like, little minor statements by comparison. But she got it better than anybody and she endorsed us very early when it wasn't the thing to do.
From Alaska, the great Sarah Palin. Where is she? Thank you, Sarah. With the help of everyone here today, 25 days from now, think of it, 25 days, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, who has no clue what the hell is going on. I have to tell you. Did you see where she did a town hall yesterday and she used a teleprompter? I never saw a town -- you don't use teleprompters.
We don't use teleprompters period, pretty much. You don't use them for town halls. No. She's not the right person for -- not for this country, not for any country. But very simply, we're going to make America great again. So, I've been waiting for this. I've been waiting for this day because I've been reading about it like so many people all around the world, and I want to get here as soon as I could.
And I took a good time and a good day and, you know, the crowd, we could sell this place out four times. You see what's outside. [Applause] NBC, of all networks, said a little while ago, they announced, it's the single longest line for anything that they've ever seen. That's pretty good. But I've been waiting for this day, and we're here finally in Aurora, Colorado to call the attention of the world, and, unfortunately, the world's already got its attention, to one of the most egregious betrayals that any leader in any nation has ever inflicted on its own people, what they've done to our country, what they're doing to our country.
They're destroying -- they are ruining our country. [Audience boos] We are being led by stupid people. We cannot take it anymore. For the past four years, as the so-called border czar, the person in charge of our border, Kamala Harris -- and you can't use the name Harris. You know, if you say Harris, nobody knows who the hell you're talking about.
Think of it. Harris. Nice name. It's like -- so we use the name, Kamala. She was last, right? She came in last, and now she's running. How about that? In all fairness, I'm not a fan of Sleepy Joe, but Sleepy Joe got 14 million votes. She got none. She never made it to the great state of Iowa. She quit.
Out of 22 people, she quit. She had nothing going. And interestingly, when she came in, she was OK. Pretty good. But then they heard her talking. They watched her brain in action. And when they saw the brain in action, they said that's a -- and here she is again. But Kamala has imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from the dungeons of the third world. [Audience boos]
They come from the dungeons, think of that, the dungeons of the third world, from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions. And she has had them resettled beautifully into your community to prey upon innocent, American citizens. That's what they're doing. And no place is it more evident than right here because in Aurora, multiple apartment complexes have been taken over by the savage Venezuela prison gang known as Tren de Aragua. [Audience boos]
Or is your law enforcement and law enforcement all over the world -- they know them all over the world. They're a savage gang, one of the worst in the world, and they're getting bigger all the time because of our stupidity. They're known as TDA. TDA. TDA has killed seven people today, sir. Last month, six men with armed rifles and many other men standing right outside waiting for them, and handguns were caught on camera as they were forced into a situation, and they said they were forced.
They weren't forced. They got their way into an apartment building. They threatened the tenants at gunpoint. These are people that never saw anything like this. These are people that never experienced criminals and crime. They burst into the building and they held tenants at gunpoint and at knifepoint.
Ten minutes later, they opened fire on a 25-year-old man outside the building, fatally shooting him. Of the barbaric thugs who have been identified, at least three are illegal aliens who were in border patrol custody. They were in custody. By the way, four years ago, we had the safest border in the history of our country.
Put up that sign, please. Put up my all-time favorite graph. Put up my all-time -- get that put up. That is the most beautiful graph I've ever seen. It's the most beautiful piece of paper I've ever seen. I take it home every night, and I sleep with it and I kiss it. Oh, I kiss it. Because without that sucker, I wouldn't be here right now.
So, if you think about it, Mr. Pastor, great job you did, Pastor. If you think about it, illegal immigration saved my life. I'm the only one. Usually, it's the opposite. It's usually the opposite. Thank you very much. But you see that arrow on the bottom? That's when I left -- that's the day I left office.
You had the lowest number of people coming into our country in the history -- recorded history of our country. And then look what happened. Like a rocket ship. And they were rough, the ones that came in. We were very, very careful. We were Remain in Mexico. We checked everybody out. People came in, but then they got rough because then they said, "Let's do open borders. Let's set the whole world."
And as soon as they did that, jails were emptied, mental institutions were emptied. And I would have done the same thing if I were in charge of any of the many countries we're talking about. Three of these thugs were in Border Patrol custody but were released into the United States by Kamala. And my message [Audience boos] -- they were released, and they killed people, a lot of people.
They were released. But my message today is very simple. No person who has inflicted the violence and terror that Kamala Harris has inflicted on this community can ever be allowed to become the president of the United States. We're not going to let it happen. And your weak and ineffective governor -- he's a totally ineffective guy, by the way.
I hope you know that. [Audience boos] His name is Jared Polis. I got to know him. [Audience boos] I got to know him in the White House. He come in with other governors, some Democrat. I see them all. I worked with all of them. I know the good ones and the bad ones. He's not a good one, this one. But he come in, "Sir, it's so nice to meet you, sir. Oh, it's such an honor to be -- oh, this is the Oval Office. Oh, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir."
Then he comes back here and he says, "I didn't like the guy." Can you believe it? And I gave you -- not him, I didn't give anything. I gave you everything that they wanted. I gave you because I love this state. This state has to flip, Republican. It has to. It has to. Let's do it. That's why I'm here.
Let's do it. I'm not here for my health. That's why I'm here. Think of where I could be though. I could take our beautiful First Lady. I could be on the beautiful beaches all over the world. I could be in Monte Carlo. I could be all over the world, the best properties in the world. I have the best properties.
And where am I? I'm right now in Aurora, and that's where I want to be because we're going to solve this problem. We're going to solve this problem, right? If you said, where would you rather be, in the most beautiful beaches in the world or with you? Trying to figure out what the hell happened to Aurora because you have a very different place than you had just a few months ago, right? We're going to take care of it.
But Paul is -- he's a coward. He's a fraud. He's pathetically trying to deny -- he's pathetic. He doesn't see. You know, they don't want to see. You know what? They don't want to -- they want to stay with Washington because, otherwise, they'll get indicted. They'll find they did something wrong. They'll get indicted if they don't.
So, he's afraid. They're all afraid. They're all cowards. So, this guy doesn't see what you see. He doesn't see people bursting into buildings with AK-47s, military-style weapons, sometimes better than our own military. You have to ask, they're illegal migrants. They come from poor areas. Where the hell do they get these guns, the best guns? Where do they got them? Where do they got them? Who gives them better guns than our military has? Who is giving them the guns? But she's committed crimes against your state.
She has committed crimes by allowing these criminals in, and many of these people are murderers. Let's take a look at a couple of little, quick notes that I put up. You know, we're giving you the expensive treatment because of the fact we want to win the state so badly. So, we gave you a couple of videos today. Play them, please. [Begin videotape]
Thank you. Thank you. She's very brave. Getting all of the evidence and all of that footage, you -- I just said you're very brave, Cindy. Thank you very much. Really a big help. And because of Cindy and others like Cindy, the radical left can't say it never happened because there we have it. And I promise you this, Cindy, that Kamala Harris' reign of terror ends the day I take the oath of office.
It ends. Your community will no longer live in fear. You will once again have a protector in the White House. I'm going to be a protector. You know, I said, I think we're doing very well with women. We're doing great in the polls. We're winning in all of the polls just about. But somebody said, women love my policy, but they don't like me.
I think they do like me. I'll tell you what. So, [Applause] they said -- and I said a week ago, I said, "I think women like me because I will be your protector, and I protected you for four years." We had no wars. We had no terrorism. We had none of these things that you're seeing today at levels that nobody in the world is experiencing.
And I said, "I will be your protector." They said, "Who the hell is he to the" -- but the women didn't say that. The women want protection. They don't want to have these people pouring into their house. And you know where else I protect you? Where I protect you very well. I knocked out ISIS, as you know.
They've been playing with ISIS for 20 years. I did it in one month. We have the greatest military in the world, but you have to know how to use them. You have to know how to use them. But I protect you against outside enemies. But, you know, I always say we have the outside enemy, so you can say China, you can say Russia, you can say Kim Jong Un, you can say -- but that's not -- it's going to be fun.
If you have a smart president, no problem. It's the enemy from within. All the scum that we have to deal with that hate our country, that's a bigger enemy than China and Russia. And I'll tell you, as an example with Russia, if I were president, the Ukraine-Russia situation would have never happened, would have never happened.
October 7th in Israel would have never happened. Inflation would have never happened. You had no inflation. Every day, Americans like Cindy are living in fear all because Kamala Harris decided to empty the slums and prison cells of Caracas and many other places happening all over the world. Every country.
You know, prison populations all over the world are down. Crime all over the world is down because they take the world's criminals, gang members, drug dealers, and they deposit them into the United States bus after bus after bus. [Audience boos] In Venezuela, their crime rate went down 72 percent. You know why? Because they took the criminals out of Caracas and they put them along your border and they said, "If you ever come back, we're going to kill you."
Think of that. And we have to live with these animals, but we're not going to live with them for long, you watch. Kamala's policy is to release and resettle all illegals without checking -- without check. You know, she's a radical left person, just so you know. She's -- there's no way. The biggest problem with her is nobody knew who the hell she was.
They say, "Who's running?" "Harris." "Harris. Who the hell is Harris?" They said, "Kamala, the one that failed" -- the one that -- was the first one out in the 22-person campaign for the Democrat nomination, the one that wasn't able to make it to Iowa, the one that quit first. She was the first one out.
She's running, but she's more liberal than Crazy Bernie Sanders. Can you believe it? She's more liberal than Pocahontas. You know who that is? Remember Pocahontas? She said she's Indian. Why? "Because my cheekbones are high," my mother told me. "My mother told me I had high cheekbones, and therefore, I'm an Indian."
She made a living going around saying she was an Indian, going to college, becoming a professor. No, but I hit her very hard. That was the end of her presidential campaign. Thereby guaranteeing unfettered access for Venezuelan gangs and thugs and criminals. And, you know, we're talking a lot about Venezuela because Aurora is really infected by Venezuela, but they're coming from all countries, all countries.
We have the great Tom Homan, central casting, right? Tom Homan told me the other day. He said, last month, it came -- they came from 168 countries all over the world. Most people don't even know you had that. We actually have more than 200, but they don't even know you had -- but they came from 168 countries.
Most of them, criminals. And they deposit them in our country, and we are supposed to take it. And then the liberal philosophy is we'll make them into wonderful people. No, you're not going to make them into wonderful people. Some people murdered -- many people actually murdered more than three people.
The murderers that came in, many -- some were on death row, and they said it's better if we just let it go to America. This is what we have, and they're in your community, but they're going to be all over. And, you know, other communities in other states because every state is a border state now -- it's not Texas and Arizona and -- it's every state is a border state, every state.
And they're now -- and people are living in deathly fear. Most of them -- a lot of them have already been hit, but a lot of them haven't. But they're going to be hit because there's millions of them. They're all over the place, and they're walking through our country and they're going to be settled in a lot of these states that never thought a thing like this could happen.
It's only going to get worse, but we're going to make it better, and we're going to make it better really fast. Kamala is flying them. Think of this. She said, "No." You know, about two months ago, her and Sleepy Joe, they said, "We're really getting killed by this issue. So, let's toughen up the border a little bit."
All he would have had to do is say -- you know, he keeps talking about policy and "Trump told the Congress not to do this" and that's not -- it's false. All he had to do is one thing, call up Border Patrol, "This is the president of the United States speaking. Close the border." And the border's closed.
You don't need a bill. You don't need a bill. But he doesn't want to do that. He doesn't want to do that because they actually want to have open borders. So, they had 21 million people come in. I think much more than that, including the getaways. But think of this, if you had four years of that, you would have 200 million people come in the whole world.
The country would be over. It would be finished. It wouldn't be -- you wouldn't even have a country anymore. You'd have a crime den. She cannot be allowed to do this to our country. She shouldn't be the one that was chosen anyway because she is, in fact -- by the way they chose her -- a threat to democracy.
She really is. And just in case you didn't know it, Biden hates her. I believe there is a small possibility, very small, like 1 percent. There's a 1 percent possibility that he hates her more than he hates Donald Trump. I think he hates her. The last thing he thought -- you know, he won the primary. In all fairness, he won.
It was me against him. How about me? I have to run against the guy. I spent $150 million. I had to debate him. I debated the guy. He went way, way down, and I thought it was over. And then it's like a fighter. Then they put a new person in her, and we don't know anything about her. We have to -- but now we learned, and now the people are learning, and she's crashing like a rock.
Uh-oh. I just thought -- just a thought from a very brilliant mind. They might want to put a third person in that. Oh, no. Please be nice to Kamala, to my people, I'm telling. Everybody that's on the Trump team, be nice to Kamala because they're going to put a third person in. Let's see. Who are they going to put in next? This can only -- they keep saying Hillary.
Hillary's coming. Oh, Hillary's back. [Audience boos] You know, it's interesting. If Trump talks about the 2020 election, they say, "Indict him. He's a conspiracy theorist." But Hillary is still talking about 2016. She's like -- she has got serious Trump derangement syndrome. She's got a massive case of Trump derangement.
No. But you ever notice she talks about it all the time, all those people that -- but when anybody from the right talks even a little bit, no, no. We don't forget. We're not forgetting. Hillary is talking about it. I saw her two days ago. "What they did to me?" Now isn't it fun? Isn't it nice? Because I haven't looked at these stupid things in about 15 minutes.
Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? Isn't that nice? Isn't that -- look at it. Look at that. Would some of you like to go outside and let them take your place for a little while? I thought that would happen. She's flying them in now with migrant flights. So, we thought, you know -- she said, "We're going to sort of" -- so they tightened it up a little bit.
So, their numbers looked a little -- but it doesn't count. The migrant flights don't count. So, they don't count. So, she forgot to tell anybody that they have massive Boeing aircraft flying them in one after another over the border. So, she didn't close it. And then they have the apps, right? How about the apps? Where they have an app so that the gangs, the people, the cartels, the heads of them, they can call the app.
They call the second most resettled population nobody's ever seen. They call up the app and they ask, "Where do we drop the illegals?" And people are on the other side and they left that. She actually created an app, a phone system where they can call up. I mean, she's a criminal. She's a criminal. She really is, if you think about it.
So, now we inform them that you didn't close up the border because you have hundreds of thousands of people being flown in over the top of the border. No. No. If they ever did get this, and I don't believe it can happen. I can't because the American people ultimately get it right this far. But if she ever did, you're going to have hundreds of millions of people coming in here, and you're not going to have it and they're going to take your house.
That woman has a beautiful house over there. I saw it actually. Enjoy it because you won't have it long. They will take over your house, just like Venezuela. You know, Venezuela was a very successful country 20 years ago. It was a rich, beautiful country. It was taken over. And I used to talk about this.
I said, if they don't get it right, you'll have Venezuela on steroids. Remember? And that's what you're going to have if you don't vote for Trump. I hate to say that. But if you vote for Trump, you're going to have one hell of a great country. We're going to build it back and fast. Venezuelan illegals are the No.
2 most resettled population, but they do it through their phone app. And on day one of this Trump administration -- you know, if you take a look at Springfield, Ohio, how about that? They have they have about 50,000 people. No crime, beautiful community. Everything nice. Schools, everything is nice. They dropped in 32,000 people that are really illegal.
You know, they did it in such a way that they could make the case, you know? They said they did it through probation. What's probation? They took him in through probation. So, I assume they assume they're, like, prisoners or something, and therefore, they're legal. They brought in 32,000 people into a community of 50, a community that was a nice community.
And now, if you want to go to the hospital, you can't get in. Your children can't get into school. And what they're doing is looking -- the mayor is a very nice man. I mean, I think he's nice. He's trying to be nice. He's looking for interpreters because they don't speak the language of you and you and everybody in this room.
It's a totally different language. So, they're looking for interpreters and he's acting like, "Yes, we're having a hard time hiring interpreters." This community was hit with 32,000 illegal migrants. They have to go back to where they came from. I'm sorry. Springfield, Ohio. On day one of the Trump Organization, the Trump Organization, when I founded it, it was nice, but now it's great.
But I want to get back to the Trump administration because the Trump administration is going to do things like has really never been done. We're going to clean this thing out. The good thing about this four-year period -- it's a horrible period. It's a shame it happened. It should've never happened. Shouldn't have happened.
But they've done so badly that we'll be able to do it, and we'll be able to do it with cheers because people see how bad it is and how bad it's been run. And that's why there's far more enthusiasm for this move, the greatest movement ever. It's this -- and, by the way, if it wasn't, the fake news would be headlines.
Donald Trump lied. When Biden would get up and he'd say, "We're going to stop MAGA. We're going to do something about MAGA." Remember with the pink wall, he looked like the devil, right? Remember the pink wall? "We're going to stop, MAGA. I think it's called MAGA. We're going to stop MAGA." And I said, "Joe, it's called Make America Great Again," and he wants to stop it.
He wants to stop it. "We're going to stop that." But the border will be sealed. The invasion will be stopped. The migrant flights will end, and Kamala's app for illegals will be shut down immediately within 24 hours. All within 24 hours. And, you know, I've always had an ability to do a lot of things, so I got to do something else in the first day.
I'm going to do all those things. The border, we're going to make it strong very quickly. We're going to get people out that are criminals and horrible people, but we're also going to do something else. Drill, baby, drill. Two things. On that same day, we will begin the task of finding and deporting every single illegal alien gang member from our country.
We'll get them out. This will be a major, national undertaking according to newly published data from ICE. The great patriots of ICE, I call them. These guys are tough as hell, I tell you. They should be fighting for Dana White, UFC, ICE. You got to see them. They go in MS-13. That's another beautiful gang.
They're tough as hell. They've taken them out by the thousands. She wants to end ICE. She doesn't want to have ICE. But they informed us that over the last short period of time, 13,099 illegal aliens, convicted of murder, are at large and dropped into the United States against their wishes, against our Border Patrol's wish -- the wishes of our Border Patrol.
They were saying, "Please don't do this. Please don't do this." Even as the New York Times, which is totally corrupt I mean, I can't stand that paper. I can't stand that. You know what you do with the Times? When you read a story, just think the opposite. They're the enemy of the people. They're really -- New York Times is the enemy.
Washington Post is the enemy of the people, too. I don't understand it. Why? Why? And then they lose credibility. Eventually, they go out of business. I call it the failing New York Times. But even as the New York Times recently reported, the TDA Venezuelan prison gang has, "sneaked" into the United States among the millions of migrants who have crossed the border and is peddling drugs, guns, and women all across the 50 states from the urban centers like New York and Chicago to Florida beaches to the once tranquil middle America.
It was once tranquil. You were once tranquil. In Colorado, the gang even got a green light to shoot police officers. Did you know that the gang got the OK to kill your police? [Audience boos] You know that. By the way, that's the New York Times. That's not me. That's the New York Times saying that. They got the green light to kill your police.
Just days ago, it was an amazing day. I was in a small town, Prairie Du Chien in Wisconsin. You know, we're leading Wisconsin by four and a half points too, right? They have a similar problem. You know, almost all states have this. You know, just so we set it straight, Aurora's got a lot of publicity, but you have states that have a bigger problem than Aurora.
You have -- that people aren't talking about. A lot of the people that run the states, they don't want to talk about it. They want to try and solve it, but they can't because they're not tough enough. You need very tough people like ICE, like military. You need very tough people to solve it. They can't -- you know, you'll have a sheriff with one or two men, and you'll have 25 migrants with weaponry that they haven't even seen in some cases.
No, you need help. But they don't want to talk about it because the public relations is so bad for the town or the little city that they run or the big city. Look at Chicago. Look at New York. Look at Los Angeles. What's happening to it? In Wisconsin, where last month an illegal alien member of this ruthless gang was arrested for holding a mother and a daughter captive against their will and sexually assaulting them again and again and again.
In Houston in June, 12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray was kidnapped, tied up, and assaulted for two hours under the bridge before she was murdered by two Venezuelan TDAs, these gang members who Kamala Harris had ordered -- Kamala Harris had ordered and let into the United States. Totally unvetted. Nobody knew who they were.
Totally unvetted. Come on in. You just come on in. In New York City, another gang member recently shot two New York City police officers, hitting one in the chest and the other in the leg. They were really, really badly hurt, probably going to make it. And just last week, police arrested over a dozen members of TDA, the Venezuelan gang, who had taken over yet another apartment complex in San Antonio.
They're, like, in the real estate business like I used to be. They take over a lot of real estate, but they do it by gunpoint. I had to go borrow money. I had to see the banks. This is a wonderful deal. Would you like to? But they just walk in with guns and take it over. It's much quicker. It's a horrible -- in San Antonio -- and terrorized its residents to a level that they've never seen before.
San Antonio police very aptly named their law enforcement effort Operation Aurora because Aurora was the one that was first and got all that publicity. Operation Aurora. In honor of Jocelyn Nungaray, Laken Riley, beautiful Laken, Rachel Moran, and all of the others that are dead and/or mortally wounded at the hands of migrants who should never have been allowed into our country.
I'm announcing today that upon taking office, we will have an Operation Aurora at the federal level to expedite the removals of these savage gangs, and I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that, 1798. This was put there 1798. That's a long time ago, right? To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
Who would have ever thought that a president or a future president would ever have to stand here and say such things? Who would think that that's even possible to have to do? So, many things are changed in the last four years, but that's the state of our country now after Kamala and Joe Biden have just absolutely destroyed our country.
We're a country in tremendous distress. We're a failing country. We're laughed at all over the world. We will send elite squads of ICE, Border Patrol, and federal law enforcement officers to hunt down, arrest, and deport every last illegal alien gang member until there is not a single one left in this country.
And if they come back into our country, they will be told it is an automatic 10-year sentence in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. With your vote, we will achieve complete and total victory over these sadistic monsters.
It's going to go very quickly. Remember our local police? They're great. I know them so well. They've been restricted from operating. They're great. They know everything about every one of them. I said, "Oh, how will you ever find them?" The local police know everyone. They know their middle names. They know their serial numbers, where they live.
No. And they want to do their job. They're done. You have no idea how many police officers say, "Sir, we're going to indemnify them against any prosecutions" because they get prosecuted if they do their work. Going to pass that. It'll pass so fast. If they do their job, they get prosecuted by their own people.
They get sued by the people that won't take care of the criminals, some of the DAs that won't do the -- think of it, and AGs. They won't go after the criminal, but they'll go after our police officers if they do the job. We will take back our suburbs. We'll take back our cities and towns, and we will take back our country, and we will do it very, very quickly.
What Kamala Harris -- and remember -- I remember when Joe -- he didn't want to do it. He was too tired. He didn't want to do it. I like to do it myself. And by the way, how good is JD Vance? Is he great? I know JD, JD is going to be saying, "Sir, let me do it. I want to do it, sir." And if he did it, it would be done right.
But I'd say, "JD, I want to do it. We'd have an argument over who's going to do it." It'll be done right. But JD was great. He was great the other night exposing that total moron. Man, can you imagine? How about at a debate, a guy calls himself a knucklehead? He says he's a knucklehead, and he is a knucklehead when you get right down.
What a team that is. So, Joe Biden is considered the worst president in the history of our country. They are considered the worst administration in the history of our country, and the only one that's happy is Jimmy Carter because by comparison, he looked like a brilliant president. OK? Much better. No.
He was much better. What Kamala Harris has done to our border is a crime and an atrocity of the highest order. But even after all of the pain and suffering she's caused when Kamala was asked this week, if she would do anything different than Biden, she choked like a dog. She said not one thing. I would -- so she wouldn't have done anything different.
Let's take a look at this video. [Begin videotape]
Can you imagine? I watched that, and I said, well, this is going to be a long answer because she's got -- you know, she's changed 15 policies. She was in favor of gun confiscation. Every single thing that you don't want, 15 times. I said this -- and she changed. Nobody's ever -- if you change one thing, you're in trouble.
She did -- every single thing. But every single thing she changed, she would end up doing, including banning fracking, which is going to drive up cost, which -- and hence, I'm leading Pennsylvania by a lot. That would be the end of Pennsylvania. That would be the end of Pennsylvania. But that statement, "I can't think of a thing I changed from Joe Biden," the worst president ever.
She's not going to change. No, she choked. I thought this was going to be a long answer. Long, beautiful -- the weave. I thought she'd do a weave like Trump does. You know, weave and then always come back into what you're doing. You need a great memory for that. She doesn't have that. But what she said is disqualifying.
If she had any honor, she would drop out of the race right now and resign the vice presidency. A disgrace, because she's -- what she has done to the country is unthinkable. It was just announced yesterday that inflation came in substantially higher than expected last month, double what was predicted with much of the gain coming from food prices going up, rent and housing costs going up, and car prices going through the roof.
Four years ago, when I left office, we had no inflation. We had virtually -- think of it. We had no inflation virtually for my whole term, four years. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We never had an economy like that. And we were energy-independent. How does that sound? We're energy-independent.
Now we're buying our oil from Venezuela and other countries. Under Biden and Harris, the economy has been a disaster. The worst inflation in history, costing the typical family $29,000 and higher prices. Think of that, 29,000. But I think to me, the worst thing of all when she says she wouldn't have changed -- this is something that if it was me, I mean, you'd never see me again.
I really believe it. Kamala lost 325,000 migrant children who are now dead or in slavery. They're gone. She's missing 325,000 children. Their parents are looking -- they're never going to see their parents again. They came in. They were taken in. And they're either dead in slavery or just plain missing.
It's a horrible thing. And I thought I'd put this up because it's a beautiful day. We have some wonderful people. And I want you to take a look at military the way it was, where we won two world wars, where we had something known as Fort Bragg, where the names were changed. We win two wars out of Fort Bragg, and they want to change the name.
But where they changed the name, they changed the name out of places that we won a lot of military battles, wars. And I thought you should see, the way it sort of was, you get a pretty heavy dose of this. And I saw it the other day. I said, "We got to put it up." Go ahead, please. [Begin videotape]
[Audience chants "USA"] And you see all of that, and Kamala says she wouldn't change one thing from the worst president in the history of our country. She wouldn't change one thing. The only way to end this suffering is to vote for change this November. You got to vote for change. Emergency rooms in Denver, beautiful Denver, have been, think of this, 6,000 percent increase in patients, 6000 percent increase.
You're not going to get a room, you know, when you go to hospitals. You're not going to get a room. Someday, you don't know it because you hopefully won't need a hospital. But if you do, you're not going to be able to get in. They come in from Colombia, from Honduras, from Ecuador, from Venezuela. They come in for many you cannot get a room.
They can't get a room. A hospital only 15 miles outside Aurora has been overwhelmed by 20,000 visits from illegal aliens, costing the hospital over $10 million, and those costs are being passed on to you directly. Before Kamala Harris, before she came, Denver schools enrolled an average -- listen to this, though.
Denver schools, this is the way it used to be, enrolled an average of 500 new students every year. Earlier this year, it was reported that they were enrolling 500 new students every two weeks, most of them coming in from South American countries. They don't speak our language, and they don't even want to be here, frankly.
Many of them don't even want to be here. In Aurora, nearly 3,000 illegal migrant children have been placed into your elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools once again at your expense, and at the cost of more opportunity for them and no opportunity for your kids. They're not -- your kids can't even get into their own schools.
Kids that went to a school aren't even able to get back in. They're taking care of these people before they take care of our children. [Audience boos] These massive new burdens on our education and health care systems are being experienced by communities all across our country and are destroying your children's education, safety, and indeed destroying their lives.
And as you know, FEMA, which has totally gotten out of control and away from its mission -- it had a mission, a big mission. You know what that mission was, to save people in storms and other things. Has spent billions and billions of dollars illegally allowing people to come into our country and destroying our once beautiful way of life.
Yet hurricane victims from North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Tennessee, Louisiana, Texas, all over our country, when you have storms all over our country, different kinds of storms, different kinds of catastrophes, they can't get housing or rescues, and they're offered pennies on the dollar.
They're offered pennies on the dollar. These people that have gone through hell are offered pennies on the dollar from Kamala and Joe, and yet we give hundreds of billions of dollars from countries that people have never even heard of in this country. And now Kamala wants to provide amnesty and citizenship to the 21 million illegal aliens she let in, including murderers, gang members, drug lords, human traffickers, not to mention the millions of getaways, and all of the others that very smart leaders have viciously thrown out of their countries.
These are very smart leaders. I would do it. I would have done it faster than them, I tell you. Soon as I thought of it, I said, you know, that's -- remember I said it three years ago. I said that's going to happen if they have open borders, and I was right. But who Kamala has allowed into our country at the expense of our children, our mothers, our fathers, our grandparents, our uncles, and our aunts.
Under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first. We will put communists, Marxists, and fascists last, and they will always be last. I will end catch and release.
I will restore Remain in Mexico. Remember, I got it done with the Mexican government, Remain in Mexico. They couldn't come into this country and they had to remain in Mexico. You think that was easy to get from Mexico, was it? But I got it. I got everything. I will bring back Title 42, medical rejections.
People come in, they're very sick. Very sick. They're coming into our country. They're very, very, very sick with highly contagious disease, and they're let into our country to infect our country. And they're coming in at numbers that nobody's ever seen before. I will send Congress a bill to ban all sanctuary cities in our country, including Denver.
And we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of the United States. We will close the border. We will stop the invasion of illegals into our country. We will defend our territory. We will not be conquered. We will not be conquered. We will reclaim our sovereignty, and Colorado will vote for Trump as a protest and signal to the world that we are not going to take it anymore.
We're not going to take it anymore. I will liberate Colorado. I will give you back your freedom and your life, and together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Colorado. Vote for Trump. God bless you. God bless you, all. Thank you.
[Audience chants "Trump"] [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much. And I'll tell you, I love this state. I love Georgia. I love Georgia. And I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible place with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are.
You are hardworking. You're great. We -- we know how good you are. And we're bringing this country back fast. We're going to bring it back fast. I'd like to begin by asking you a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] With your vote on Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country, and I will bring back the American dream.
We're going to bring back the American dream. We're just two days away from what will be the most important political event in the history of our country. I believe that. But you have to do one little thing. I don't want your money. I don't want anything. The only thing I want is get out and vote. Just get out.
Finish it. You know, we're on the five-yard line, maybe even the one-yard line. We're -- we're right there. We had a tremendous number of early votes, a record-setting number, records like nobody can believe. I -- but all I can say is, on Tuesday, just go out and vote, and we're going to close this thing out, and it's going to be party time.
It's going to be party time. This is really all you need to know. Kamala broke it, and I'll fix it, and we'll do it very quickly. [Audience responds affirmatively] America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. We start from a very bad place. We're a nation in decline.
We're a nation in decline like we've never seen a decline. What they've done to our beautiful country is just, just so horrible. We have so many senators, so many congressmen and women, and just we have so many great people in the audience, and they're working with me. We're going to bring this back like never before.
Nobody's going to believe it. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring it back so fast. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. This will be the golden age of America.
What a beautiful -- isn't that a beautiful term? Think of that, the golden age. This will be the golden age of America. Think of that, how beautiful that sounds, and it's true. Remember, we have more liquid gold under our feet than Saudi Arabia, than Russia, than anybody. And I told a great guy, RFK Jr.
, "Bobby," I said, "Bobby, you work on women's health, you work on health, you work on what we eat, you work on pesticides, you work on everything. The one thing you have to let me do, Bobby, I got to work the liquid gold. You're not going to touch that." We don't want too much advice. We don't want too much advice, Marco, on the liquid gold.
We're going to pay off our debt. We're going to do things that you wouldn't believe, and we're going to give you -- I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. We'll get still more. We're going to make our country so competitive. On Tuesday, you have to stand up and tell Kamala or Kamala or Harris -- you know, when I say Harris, nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about.
I said, "Harris was out tonight." "Who's Harris, sir?" Nobody knows who she is. But on Tuesday, you have to stand up and tell Harris that you've had enough, you can't take it anymore. "You're the worst vice president in the history of our country, it's the worst administration in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get out. Get out. You're fired."
[Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. This is a big place, this place is packed, and you have more people outside. I always ask this, would anybody like to give up their ticket to somebody outside, no? [Audience responds "No"] Would anybody like to hand over their gun to Kamala? [Audience responds "No"] Is there anybody, one person in this giant tens of thousands of people, one person would like to hand out their gun, you'd be famous for the rest of your life? [Audience responds "No"] That's what she wants.
She wants to confiscate your guns, you know that. With your vote, we are going to win Georgia, we are going to defeat Kamala, and we are going to make America great again. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon its people.
What she has done is not acceptable, it's so bad. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminals, criminal migrants. I mean, we have migrants pouring in here by the tens of thousands that are criminals, from jails, from mental institutions, terrorists.
They come from mental institutions, and they come from insane asylums. And they come from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo, lots of people coming from the jails of the Congo, stealing countless American lives, and they do nothing about it. These are open borders. They come in totally unchecked and unvetted.
Just days ago, right here in your state, an incredible 25-year-old mom, beautiful mom, named Mimi Rodriguez-Ramirez, was kidnapped from a Walmart parking lot, a parking lot that was safe. She was horribly abused and murdered, violently murdered. A week later, her body was dumped on a road, was found by the police in condition that they said they've never seen anything like that before.
The animal who murdered Mimi was an illegal alien who came to Georgia to maim and kill people. It made no difference who they were. Mimi leaves behind a 9-year-old daughter and her absolutely wonderful mother, Carmen. Yesterday, my friend, a very wonderful man and a very patriotic and philanthropic man, had the fortune to make a lot of money, and he gives a lot of his money away.
He's just very amazing. In fact, he made contributions to Georgia with your hurricane problems, and he made tremendous contributions to North Carolina, Alabama. Think of all these states, Tennessee, South Carolina, Florida. What a horrible thing that was. But my friend's name is Steve Witkoff, and he reached out to Carmen when he heard about it.
And I'd like to ask Steve -- he doesn't know I'm going to do this, and he may not want to speak in front of 40,000 people, because I don't know if he's ever done it before. But Steve is just this incredible guy. And if he -- if it's OK with you, Steve, I'd love to have you come up and say some wonderful things about Mimi and Carmen and an incredible family that's been decimated. Steve Witkoff.
Wow, what a job. What beautiful words. Can you imagine? I don't think it's her first language and she spoke better than any person whose language is that particular language. That was incredible. Wow. And I can tell you, Carmen, that Mimi is looking down on you right now and she is so proud. She's up there in the beautiful sky well beyond the clouds, and she is so proud of you.
What a job you did. Well, it's not easy either. Can you imagine? Through -- through the grief to do something like that. And we are so sorry for your loss. It's unbelievable. We're going to get that stopped. We're going to stop it. This is happening every day. Soon it'll be every hour. It's just we're going to stop it.
We hold Mimi in our hearts forever. And we'll be your friend, Carmen. We'll be your friend and your family's friend. Thank you. Thank you very much. These terrible atrocities against our citizens are happening every single day in cities and towns all across America. I want you to hear directly from another mom.
Great mom also. Wonderful woman who I met just a week ago. Border Patrol gave me this incredible endorsement. They said he's the greatest president in the history of our country. I said, "Does that include Lincoln, Washington?" "Yes, sir." But then I told the sir. But then one of the guys got up and he's 37-years-old.
He said he's the greatest president in my lifetime. I didn't like that. He's 37-years. I like -- I like the other one much better, greatest ever. Now, the Border Patrol is great. They're incredible people, and they gave us a full throated endorsement. And they have every year. Frankly, they always endorse me.
And they're incredible patriots. They them and ICE and law enforcement and our sheriffs. Our sheriffs are great police all over the country. They're -- they're not -- they are really respected by everybody, but they don't understand because they don't get treated properly. And we're going to treat them properly and they're going to solve our crime problem very easily.
It's what they want to do. They're dying. You know what -- they just want to be dying to do it. They watch these stores being robbed. Guys walking out with refrigerators, 500 thugs going into a department store, cleaning it out, some of them with refrigerators on their back. And they want to do something.
But they're told to stand down. Don't even think about it. You lose your pension. You lose your house. You lose all your money. You lose your family. And we're going to free them up to stop the crime in our cities and stop the crime in our country. And they know, I have to say, you know, somebody said, "Well, how would you do this?" Because obviously, we have to deport these murderers and drug dealers and terrorists.
We have terrorists coming into our country at levels we've never seen before. You know, in '19, if you look at the numbers issued by the Border Patrol in 2019, a Trump year -- and I don't even agree with these numbers. They said I had zero terrorists. Oh, by the way, bring down that board, please. Just my favorite board in the whole world.
My favorite board in the whole world. I assume it's up there. Is it up there, Mike? So, I love that, George. I love that graph. I sleep with it every night. I just I hold it tight. But it saved me because if I didn't make that sharp turn to the right to look at it, I would not be with you tonight. So, if you look at the arrow on the bottom, that was my last day in office.
And after I left, all they had to do is leave it the way it was. Remain in Mexico. You think it was easy to get Mexico to say, "Oh, sure." They said no. They laughed at me when I first proposed it. And within about 10 minutes, they were saying "We would love to do it, sir." I said, "I'm going to put tariffs on every car and everything you send into the United States if you don't do it."
And they not only that, they gave us thousands, tens of thousands of soldiers free of charge, everything free. I wanted it free. And tremendous crime is coming through. But that was in 2019. They said we allowed zero terrorists. It had zero -- and it was good. But I think it has to be a little bit. But the following year, it was 16 or 19 terrorists.
Now, it's thousands of terrorists. They're coming from the Middle East and all over the world. Some of the worst in the world. We know the names. We have no idea where they are. But our local law enforcement does. You know, people say, "Well, how are you going to ever find -" Our local sheriffs and law enforcement people are incredible.
And they're dying to do the job. And they know their middle names. They know their addresses, where they come from. They know everything. And they're going to help us. And we're going to have the largest deportation of criminals in history. But I want you to hear directly from another incredible mother whose world has been shattered just recently.
Also, because Kamala let savage, illegal alien murders into our country through the open border. She has an open border, unvetted, unchecked, an open border. Please.
But isn't that just terrible? And this is taking place thousands of times a year, different forms, different ages, different types of crime, but ultimately ending in all cases in death, needless death. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins immediately.
And when you vote on Tuesday, remember this, Kamala is importing illegal alien rapists and murderers, draconian monsters who are killing our children, our brothers, our sisters, our parents, our friends. They're willing to kill anyone, willing to kill anyone, these people. They are true evil. When I win, I will not let these animals into our country any longer.
I will not let them spill one more drop of precious American blood. And I just want to thank you. And Jocelyn was so incredible. The mother is devastated, like devastated. She was devastated. You can never really be the same, can you? People say, oh, time, time. Sometimes with time, a lot of times with time, it only gets more difficult.
The United States is now an occupied country. Think of that. We're an occupied country. This is thousands of people all over our towns and cities, countryside, having military-grade weapons, sometimes higher than military-grade. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. Where the hell do those weapons come from, right? But it will soon be an occupied country no longer.
November 5th, 2024, will be liberation day in America. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. Can you imagine? I'm saying our towns have been invaded and conquered, and that's what they are. Take a look at Aurora in Colorado. It's been invaded and conquered. And we have a radical left governor of Colorado who doesn't know what to do.
I know what to do. And we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail. But first, we're going to see if it works out. We're going to kick them the hell out of our country because we don't want to take them out. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, equally violent.
They like using knives to cut people up because knives are much more painful than a bullet. They did it in Long Island. You remember two young girls walking to school in the morning, beautiful 16-year-old girls. And they were grabbed by MS-13, and they were sliced into pieces and killed. And all I can say, it's really good that we have great law enforcement out there and that we're able to call ICE because ICE took care of business.
They took care of business. And Kamala wants to defund ICE. Think of that. She wants to defund. She said, "Oh --" [Audience boos] She said they're not nice people. They better not be nice people. They're nice people. They're going to have a lot of problems with living. But they are tough as hell. But they love our country equally as much.
They love our country so much. They just want to be able to do their job. So, ICE and Border Patrol and all of you, sheriffs and law enforcement officers, and, yes, firemen and sanitation men and everything, you are on the A-list, all of you. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Can you imagine? That's when they ran it a little tougher.
They weren't so politically correct in 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America immediately. And as we secure our borders, we will also rescue our horrendous, you saw the numbers on Thursday, horrendous economy. Yes, it's that bad. I always said that if it's going to happen, let it happen on their terms.
The numbers were the worst that I've ever seen. Four years of Kamala and sleepy Joe have delivered nothing but economic hell for American workers. Her inflation disasters made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000 a year in higher prices. That's inflation. That's what it's done. You know, inflation in a lot of quarters is called a country buster.
It's a country buster. It busted Germany many, many years ago. Germany was busted with rampant inflation. It's a country breaker, country buster, like almost nothing else. And yet, it's No. 1 rated on the polls, inflation and the economy. And what you just saw with beautiful, beautiful Jocelyn, Mimi, and Carmen, what you just saw is No.
2. No, I don't think so. I think No. 1 is stopping these people from destroying our country and stopping them right now. We'll handle inflation. We'll handle inflation. You know how we're going to handle it. We're going to drill, drill, drill. We're going to get energy costs so low. We're going to get you.
We have more than any other country, more oil and gas. I call it liquid gold. That's what it is. That's why I say, "Bobby, please enjoy yourself. Just leave the liquid gold to me, please." We're going to pay off debt. We're going to reduce your taxes still further. You got the biggest tax cut ever, biggest regulation cuts ever.
We had a great administration. And I will say that I got you into no wars with countries that you've never heard of. And yet I defeated ISIS. I rebuilt our military and I defeated ISIS in about four years less than these stupid generals like Milley and Kelly and Mattis. Sir, it'll take approximately five years to defeat ISIS.
How about we did it in about four weeks with a real general? Just this week, we had the worst jobs report in modern history. The reason I put it second on the list is I wanted to meet these incredible mothers and these unbelievable families that are just decimated because it's No. 1. It will always be No.
1 to me because I'm good at this stuff. I'll handle inflation. You'll be making so much money all of a sudden. It'll just be beautiful. Because if we get your energy costs and your interest rates and a couple of things down, it'll be even better than it was. You know, we had the greatest, strongest economy in the history of our country.
We're going to do it again but even better. And now, I know Washington. Now, I know -- because I went to Washington very few times in my life. I didn't know anybody. Think of that. I became president of the United States, and I didn't know anybody in Washington. That's a problem. So, I had to rely on RINOs and some others -- and some very good people, too.
And we had great. We had a lot of great people. Look, our trade deals have been unbelievable. Nobody can believe it even. And so many other things are right to try. One of the greatest things, right to try. I got so many. We got so much done. All the regulation cuts. We got more. We approved more regulation cuts than any president in history times five.
That's why you had the great job. That's why you had the great job numbers. And it's really why we were the envy of the world. We were going at levels that nobody's ever seen. We got hit by the China virus, and we took care of it. We did a great job. You know, we turned it over with the stock market higher than it was previous to the virus coming in.
I mean, it was sort of an amazing thing. Nobody had ever heard about this. Nobody knew anything about it. All we knew that all over the world, lots of people were dying. And we did a great job. Never got credit for that. Got credit for the great economy. Got credit for knocking out ISIS and having no wars.
I'm the only president in 82 years that had no wars. Remember crooked Hillary Clinton? She said, "Look at him. He'll create wars. Look at him. Look at his attitude. Look at him. He's going to create wars." I said, "No, no. My attitude is going to keep us out of wars." And that's what happened because they respected us.
They respected us. But just this week, we had the worst jobs report in modern history, with only 12,000 anemic jobs created. And much of that was government jobs. We had nothing. You know, usually we hear 200,000 jobs were created, 250, 300, 350, 190, 100, 12,000. And they thought they could hold this report until after the election.
And somebody released it, a whistleblower or somebody released it. But they released something far more sinister, because if you go back a few weeks, you remember they created 818,000 fake jobs. They didn't exist. And they put them down as though they did. So, that instead of having today's problem, which is 12,000, which is like terrible, it looked OK.
Not great, but it looked OK. So, they created 818,000 fake jobs. And it was revealed two weeks ago, and the fake news media hardly picked it up. What a shame. That's a lot of fake news. Look at that. That is a lot. [Audience boos] Wow. That's a lot of fake news, Mr. Chairman. That's a lot. I can't believe it.
You know, they hate me, but ratings predominate. For the networks, ratings predominate over hate. But think of, think of what, think of what they did, 818,000 fake. And then, last week, they had to revise the figures from the previous month, 112,000. So, that's another -- that's almost a million fake jobs.
I call them fraudulent. Fake isn't strong enough. And they did that hoping that all of you people wouldn't have a chance to see before you pull the lever on Tuesday. But a whistleblower released the information on the -- on the 800,000 jobs plus. The whistleblower said, you know, there were not 818,000.
You add them up, that's -- and then you add 100. Think of it, 112,000 jobs. So, you're close to a million jobs. And the whistleblower -- some whistleblowers -- never loved the idea of whistleblowing, but in this case, I liked it very much. But they thought it would be very unfair to go through an election.
Somebody, somebody was using, I mean, being fair. They thought it would be very unfair. Can you imagine if those numbers, we have the election and let's say there's a bad result. And then, three days later, they, you know, say that almost a million jobs were not created. I mean, you know, we would say they were fraudulent.
They were fraudulent, by the way. If that were a Republican doing that, they'd probably be in jail by now. But you also had 30,000 private sector jobs that were killed in a single month. And nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs, this just came out on Thursday, that were wiped out since the start of the year.
And those manufacturing jobs, they're important tests for, as a country. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, close to a record. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force. Can you believe this? And these are the numbers. I did say that if they've got to be released, let them release it before the election.
These numbers are all public. They've been released. Meanwhile, a statistic that a lot of people are going to hate hearing, but that's the way it is. Meanwhile, 100 percent of the net jobs created in the last year have gone to migrants. The migrants have gotten every single job plus that was created.
Illegal here. Many of them are illegal. And many of them are murderers. And many of them are terrorists. I mean, they're taking the job. And you know who they're taking the jobs from? The Black population, mostly. It'll start hitting the Hispanic population. But right now, and the other thing that you should demand -- everybody in this room should demand it in front of the fake news right now.
They should demand it because they put no pressure on these crooked politicians. You should demand that they give you the numbers of how many Black people are going to lose their job. The African American population, they're getting fired at numbers that we have never seen before. And migrants that are here illegally are coming in and taking their job.
And they have homes and mortgages. And they have things to pay. And they've worked there for 10 and 15 and 20 years. And they're losing their jobs. And, frankly, the Hispanic are next. I hear that. That's what's happening. But the Hispanics are next. And unions are going to be seriously affected, too, very seriously.
The unions know that this is a big problem. So, think of what they've done. They've allowed people to come in by the millions, 21 million people. I think it's much more than that. And then, you have the gotaways. You know what the gotaways are? It's the people that don't want to be looked at at all. So, they're worse than the people we're seeing that's why they don't want to be looked at.
These are depression-type numbers, 1929 depression-type numbers. And I never wanted to be -- I always told people I would have hated to be the president of the United States in 1929 when you had the Great Depression, Herbert Hoover. I would not want to be Herbert Hoover. What a time that was People jumping off buildings.
And that's where we're headed because we have leadership that's incompetent. We have low-IQ people, and we need very, very, very high-IQ people. Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle. Wait till you see how fast we're going to get it going. We'll get the prices down.
Don't forget, you can stop inflation, but the bacon is still at the all-time high, and the lettuce and the apples. There's a story that should never happen in this country. An old woman goes into the grocery store, and she takes three apples. That's what she lives on. And she brings it up to the counter, and then they tell her the price of the apples.
She says, "I'm sorry." Then, she takes one apple and brings it back to the refrigeration area, puts it back in, and comes and pays for two apples. This should never be happening in our country. This should never be happening. We will make America wealthy again, and we will make America affordable again.
Big problem. So, we're two days away from the best jobs and the biggest paychecks and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen. Kamala talks about fixing the economy, but why doesn't she do it? She said the other night, "Yes, I'm going to fix the economy." Why the hell don't you do it? She's always saying, "I'm going to do this, I'm going to do that."
The best was today, though. She was going to fix something else. "When I get into office in January --" do it now. What are you waiting for? It's all a big con. She's not going to do anything. She's incapable of doing it. Kamala's plan will impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise taxes on the typical American family of four or five by more than $3,000 a year.
Congratulations. You know, all my life, I've always found politics fascinating. I never knew I'd be a politician. I still like to try and get away with saying I'm not. But I guess after nine years, I guess I am. It's all right. But, you know, all my life, I've watched politicians run for office. And all my life, they've been talking about cutting taxes.
We will cut taxes. We will cut taxes. And oftentimes, it turned out, frankly, they weren't able to do it or it wasn't true, but they turned out. But I've never seen a politician run and say, "We're going to raise your taxes" and have people vote for them. "We are going to raise your taxes." You're paying far too much already.
And we are going to cut your taxes substantially. And it's going to be helped by lowering interest and by oil and gas and by the -- and by the most beautiful word in history, tariff. We're going to tariff the hell out of countries that have been taking advantage of us and stealing our jobs, stealing our companies.
My plan will be massively to cut taxes for workers. We're going to cut their taxes and small businesses. And we will have, quite simply, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And to rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill baby, drill, frac, frac, frac, we're going to go to town.
And I know those guys, those guys are, they don't call them wildcatters, but now, they'll be drilling so fast. Just the concept of what's going to happen on Tuesday, we're way ahead. I'm not supposed to say that my people say, "Please don't say that, sir." They'd like me to say that, "Yeah, we're a little bit behind."
But if you get out -- look, here's the story, you have to get out. You have to vote. Tuesday, it's all Tuesday. You got to show up in numbers that you've never seen before. And we don't need those kind, but you know what we want to have? We want to have a, you know, so, so many votes that we can really do what we have to do to make our country great, to fix our country.
We don't want to have like -- and, you know, we have -- it would be nice -- it's obviously, not necessary, but it would really be nice to have more votes than they do because, typically, it's not great mathematics because you take a place like Gavin New-scum in California. Did you see that his poll numbers have absolutely collapsed? Did you see that Marjorie Taylor Greene? Did you see that? Gavin News-scum, one of the worst governors in history.
But Gavin, his poll numbers are -- what the hell's happening? What happened to his poll? But all of these people, they're just taxing you at, but the worst is -- I was talking to Elon Musk. How great is Elon Musk? [Audience responds affirmatively] When I saw that rocket ship come in a week ago, I'm looking, and I'm -- you know, I told the story twice, I'm looking at that rocket ship.
And I'm on the phone with a very important person. Very, very important. Even all these senators, even Herschel Walker would be impressed with him. Not that, Herschel would be that impressed. Herschel is, by the way, you're the greatest Herschel, what a good man. They didn't treat him fairly. They didn't treat him fairly.
You know, Herschel was very fast, very big, very fast, but he would always run around. But if perchance you couldn't run around, he would run through people I've never seen. He would carry four coal miners' sons on his back for like 12 years. They didn't know what they have banging them, they couldn't touch him.
Really, maybe one of the top two or three in the history of football. We were really great. So, they played -- played here, here in your state, the ballad to Herschel Walker. They're playing the ballad to that guy. And all he wanted to do is play football. He's a good person with a great wife and family and everything.
And we love that you're here, Herschel. And as good as that Georgia team is, if Herschel was playing on it, maybe they'd be very happy and we could guarantee it. But he's a special guy. He's a good guy, really a great guy, smart guy, too. So, they would take all of the things that we're doing and they put them into a hopper.
And what they do is destroy our country. And we're not going to let it. We're going to bring it back. We're going to create millions and millions of jobs. We're going to get those countries and to leave our companies alone. We're not going to do it. If you're going to play games and if you're going to steal from us our companies and give us unemployment and busted companies, we're not going to let it happen.
And if it does happen, we're going to tear a few the hell out of business. We're not going to let it happen. It's not going to happen. And just one quick story. In Mexico, they're building the largest plant, auto plant in the world. A friend of mine told me that he's a builder of auto plants. That's all he does.
That's all he's good at. Frankly, he tells me if you said to build an apartment, he would be no good, but he can build a massive plant. He's the best. And he was telling me about, a year ago, that China is going to build a massive auto plant in Mexico and they're going to sell the cars into the United States.
And I think he said that the capacity would be literally -- would be literally -- this would be bigger than what they have in Michigan to say this is a monster. And it'll put all our autoworkers out of business, everyone out of business. And I didn't like that when I heard that. And I was up in Detroit at the Detroit Economic Club.
By the way, is it nice that you have a president that doesn't have to use a teleprompter? I haven't looked at that damn teleprompter. Isn't it nice? Isn't that nice? But I said -- I said to him, "John, let me ask you, I want to see a plant. I just want to see." "Why do you want it?" "I just want it because, you know, I think I'm going to do well if I run again. So, I want to see it."
This was a year ago. He said, "Well --" thank you, darling. He said, "Well --" he said, "Well, you have to come to Mexico because we're not doing the big ones here. We're doing plants, but not the big ones." I said, "No, they should be doing the big ones here." So, well, it's not happening anyway. So, I said, "I'm not going to Mexico."
I don't want to go to Mexico, even though they did what I asked them to do. They always did. They did. They were fine. But -- but Mexico is a real threat because of what's going on. Real threat, economic threat. And China is going into Mexico because this way they don't have to float it across the seas.
It's not going to happen. So, I said to him, "What's happening with that plant?" I was making a speech a week ago, and I see the guy sitting right there with the guy with the blue shirt. See that nice looking guy right there, right about there. Yeah, you can stand up if you want. You look like a nice.
Go ahead. Stand up, right there. Yeah. So, so I'm looking at, I'm looking at the audience. And again, I'm in Detroit and this has to do with cars. Very pertinent because cars are big manufacturing stuff, and you see all the jobs that they're losing now. I want to bring all of the car business back here.
So, I'm sitting, he's sitting, I say, "Oh, that's John. That's the guy that told me about the plant." So I finished my speech and I sent out for John. He comes backstage. I say, "John, how's that plant coming on? That big monster plant that China's building." "Sir, they've decided they're not going to build it because they think you're going to be elected president. And if you're elected president, you're going to put tariffs on all these cars of a hundred percent and they're not going to be able to sell one car into the United States."
And I said to the state of Michigan, "You're so lucky." No wonder I'm leading Michigan by a lot. No, but there's a big thing. I mean, you know, I said, "You're going to be paying tariffs like you wouldn't believe in. It's not going to be economic." And you never. And they think I'm going to win. And they say if he wins, it's going to be impossible.
Because I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. No other president took in 10 cents. Barack Hussein Obama took in nothing. He just talks. He talks all the time. Talk, talk. And a terrible thing happened to days -- I've always treated his beautiful wife, Michelle -- I've always treated her with great respect, but she hit me hard over the land.
What was that, Front Row Joes. Look at the Front Row Joes. They've been to, like, 300 rallies. And this, by the way, look at this thing back. I mean, 25,000 people standing outside, look at the back window. You know it's full when you have the back window and people are hanging out the window. Be careful, too.
But this isn't a rally. You know what this is? This is a request to tell everybody just to go, please just go and vote on Tuesday. This is not a rally. [Audience chants "Vote"] It should be a rally, but we want you to go vote. So, I believe in America first. It's going to be America first. And, you know, you don't hear that often, but our country is going to be so successful.
It's going to be so rich. Your taxes are coming down. Your jobs are going up. And we are going to indeed have an economic miracle. And it's not going to be that hard. And it's really something that others do to us, the smart ones. There are no dumb ones. You know, we're the dumb one. I have never seen a good trade deal made.
I changed a deal with Japan. I changed a deal with South Korea. I changed a lot of deals. But we're at a disadvantage because we had long-term deals. But I didn't care about that. I said, "We're changing them. I don't care." I didn't care because I don't know how the hell they got those deals. Those deals, they had to -- there's two ways those deals -- it's like the voting style.
There's two ways those deals were made. Either the person that made them was corrupt or stupid because these are the -- you had the worst trade deals ever made by any country ever. Anyway, we started changing that all around, and we were doing unbelievable. We had the -- again, we had the greatest economy in the history of the world.
We were leapfrogging and lapping China. China was going crazy with me. "Please don't put any more tariffs on." I saved the steel industry. If I didn't put -- they were dumping steel. You remember that. If I didn't do that, you would have no steel. And by the way, I don't want US Steel, the greatest company in the world 70 years ago, to be sold to Japan.
I just don't want that to happen. Everything Kamala says is a lie. She has no vision, no ideas, and she has no -- absolutely no solutions. But take a look at this for a second because this is just terrible. Take a look.
Now, I can't stand that, Marco. So, no this was the other night. She made a speech. Every sentence was about me. Our great first lady said, "Darling, are you OK?" I could -- they ask her about the economy. Donald Trump. No. They've been there for four years, the whole thing. What they did to this country is record-setting, and especially at the border, especially at the border, because that inflation is going to come roaring down.
You know, as soon as we open up the gas -- the oil and gas, you know, we had $1.84 -- you know, I used to say $1.87, I was actually -- I was corrected by the government -- by the government manuals, so I said, "I'll take it, 3 cents." But we had $1.84 gasoline. Do you like that, how does that sound? Today you're at $3.
75, but if anything happened with the election, you'd be at $7.89 a gallon. Kamala's campaign is running for nothing but hate and demonization, calling half of America garbage. You saw Joe -- do you think they were happy with Joe the other night? "When -- these people are garbage, they're garbage," oh, I said, "Oh, is he screwed now with them," he says -- That's lasted for about -- that's lasted.
Sarah, that's lasted for about five days now, this is not good. And, perhaps, that's why we're leading by so much, but that's not really the reason. The reason is, that first little question I put, we built a great, great economy. And their economy is terrible because of inflation, in all fairness, largely because of inflation, but inflation's a real bad word.
Meanwhile, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which in itself is disqualifying. "I wouldn't do one thing, how about the 325,000 children that are dead, missing, or slaves." She wouldn't do that to them. Our country is almost at a 90 percent wrong track, the highest in the history of our country, and she says, "Oh, I would do nothing different." Take a look.
[Audience boos] Can you believe it? Nothing. You know, a smart person would say, "Yeah, let's see, I'd strengthen up the border. I'd do something on inflation. I'd do that." It would be 20 different things, she couldn't think of anything. This is not what you want to be a president. So, if you want to end this disaster, you have to go out, get out and vote.
And just in conclusion, we want to just introduce a few people that are incredible. They're really incredible. Lieutenant Governor Burt Jones. Thank you for being here, Burt. Great guy. The great senator from Florida, and he's a tough guy. I had to compete against this guy. This guy was not easy. He's tough.
He's tough, and he's smart, and he's my friend, Marco Rubio. Thank you, Marco. And former Senators David Perdue, he's working so hard, and Kelly Loeffler. Thank you, Kelly. Thank you, David. Somebody I'm very proud of, Arkansas Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Representatives, warriors, by the way, Andrew Clyde, Austin Scott, Mike Collins, Marjorie Taylor Greene.
And a guy who was great in the Mueller hearings. Remember, he was hitting up Mueller with so many questions. Mueller said, "I don't know. I can't. Where the hell am I?" After two years, he had no idea what was happening. And we were totally exonerated, by the way. Totally, 100 percent exonerated. But this man was great.
You got to see his voice, chiming through those beautiful, hallowed halls, screaming at Mueller. It was an unfair -- it was unfair competition. Former Congressman Doug Collins. Thank you, Doug. And candidates for Congress, Brian Jack. So, Brian Jack. I hated when they took Brian Jack. They came to me and they said, "We'd love to have Brian run in his home district, where he was born and raised."
I said, "Look, between you and I, just tell him it's not available." I didn't want to lose him, but he figured it out. And I endorsed him so heartily. And he's a great gentleman. Right, Chairman? He's a great -- he's a great gentleman. Brian Jack. It's an interesting name because, you know, with people -- there aren't too many.
But when people have that kind of a name, Brian Jack, a lot of people call him Jack Brian. I asked him that question, and I said, "It doesn't really matter, you know. You get the idea." But Brian Jack is a great guy, and he's going to be a great congressman or whatever he wants to do for a long time to come.
Thank you, Brian. And he worked for me, and he was always there. And also, Wayne Johnson is going to be great. Wayne Johnson. And he said -- look at that look he's got. Although looks don't mean anything, please remember that. Looks -- you're not allowed to talk about looks anymore in this politically incorrect.
He looks -- especially if he were a woman, that would be bad. And, you know, nowadays, with this administration, you can become a woman if you'd like. I don't think you should -- I have a feeling that he's going to take a pass. Do you believe what's happening with that -- with that whole situation? But I hear you're doing great, and you're going to be very successful.
And you do indeed have the look. Whether I'm supposed to say it or not, who cares? Thank you very much. Agriculture commissioner, and he's a good one, Tyler Harper. Thank you, Tyler. He's a good one. And your incredible GOP chair, Josh McKoon, who is great. I don't want to talk about him too much, though, because, you know, if some crazy thing happens on Tuesday, I can't say -- because then I'd say, he didn't do a good job, but now he's done a great job.
And I hear we're really in great shape, right? We have record-setting early voting, numbers that nobody's ever seen before. Can you believe that? I mean, basically -- correct me if I'm wrong, but the Republican Party never wins early. We'll be 200,000, 300,000, 400,000 votes behind, and they consider that good.
But it's just the opposite. We're hundreds of thousands of votes ahead. Nope, this has never happened before. But it all means nothing if you don't go out on Tuesday and vote. Right, Josh? We have to get them to vote. And, of course, I just introduced him, the legendary Herschel Walker. We love Herschel.
Thank you, Herschel. You look good, Herschel. I also want to send our prayers to everyone here in Georgia who is still recovering from Hurricane Helene. And I want to also thank you, Governor. He's been very gracious. He's working very hard on making sure that we win this vote on Tuesday. So, I want to thank very much, Brian.
That's very good. That's really nice. Thank you very much. Everybody's working as a unit because winning this vote -- and, by the way, winning this state -- we win this state, and it's over. It's over. So, get out there and do it. Kamala's hurricane response was a disgrace and actually a betrayal. It was just reported that almost 50 percent of phone calls to FEMA for disaster aid went totally unanswered.
You know why? Because they spent their money on illegal aliens, people coming into our country illegally. Many of them very bad people. [Audience boos] So, you cannot trust this person. Anybody doing that, you can't trust that person to be president. You had the worst hurricane, like, maybe ever, and, boy, did North Carolina get hit, but you got hit really hard.
And you had -- and, you know, I want to thank Elon Musk, OK? Because Elon, the head of North Carolina Rescue, and your governor, and also some of your people that did a really great job but had very little federal help, they asked, "Would it be possible for you to call Elon Musk?" And he gave me the greatest endorsement ever.
I mean, how good is it to get his -- because we like intelligent people. We've got to protect our brilliant people. We don't have too many of them. And when I saw that rocket come down, the way it came down was so beautiful, boom, right on the pad. It was unbelievable. I said, "Was that yours?" "Yes."
Oh. Can Russia do it? "No." "Nobody can do it. China?" "No. Nothing. Nobody can do it." And I said -- he does something called Starlink. And the man from -- a very good official, by the way, state official. He's from North Carolina. He said, "Sir, could you call up Elon Musk? I know you have a good relationship. We want Starlink."
I said, "What the hell is Starlink? Tell me about it." "It's a communication system. All of the wires in parts of Georgia, too. All of the wires are down. And it's very successful. It's very hard to get. We can't get them, and we need it." And people are dying. They have no communication. And people are dying.
And I called Elon. I said, "Elon, you got to do me a favor. Do yourself a favor. Do humanity. They got to get this thing you have called Starlink. And you got to get it fast, Elon." And I talked to him for a couple of seconds, literally. And I got a call from the guy from North Carolina thanking me for getting Starlink.
I said, "How the hell did you do that, Elon?" He said, "Well, I can do two things at one time, can't I?" And the following day, it got delivered to North Carolina, Georgia, and other places that needed it. And it's very hard to get. And I actually asked him -- in all fairness, I got to give Elon a little boost.
I actually asked him, "Well, how does that compare to the wires that have to go all the way down and ground and on poles and everything else?" He said, "Actually, it's much better." So I said, "You know, got to rethink that whole situation." But Elon has been great in that way. You know where he is right now? He's campaigning for me in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Can you believe it? That rocket went up. And I mean, the thing was down for probably 30 minutes, and he announced he's going to -- because he thinks this election is the most important thing maybe to ever. He doesn't think we're going to have a country left if a guy named Trump doesn't win this election.
And he's a very smart guy. But how good is that? Think of it. He is campaigning for all of us. He's not campaigning for me. Thank you very much, sir. That's fine. All right. That's very good. I like that. I like that. I like that. How can I get angry at this guy? Right. Normally, I'd say, "Who the hell is in front of me with a sign?" But that sign is OK, sir.
Because he's up there and he's going to help us out. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. That's all right. Thank you very much. That's good. That's good. Isn't that nice, actually? See, now, a stupid person would say, "Get the hell out of here." That would be the end of the night. That would be -- Josh, that would be the end of the night, right? No, that's very nice, actually.
So, just in closing it out, here are some of the facts. Kamala is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas or so. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police. Think of that. And anyone who wants to defund our great police for even a day or a week is not worthy of being president of the United States, because that's their thinking.
That's their ideology. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. Can you believe? "Let's go ICE. Get out of here. We'll take care of these tough killers." She wouldn't do it. Tell you who wouldn't have the guts to do it. Liz Cheney wouldn't have the guts to do it. Liz Cheney. [Audience boos] She's a big talker. "We're going to put thousands of soldiers and and they'll die. They'll all die. I'll be sitting home with my dad who ruined --"
think of all the people that are dead right now. And then they wonder why Kamala is doing so badly with the Arab Muslim population in Michigan. You see that? They're doing bad. Who the hell -- if you're a Muslim Arab, you're from that part of the world, who the hell is going to vote for her? Her father unleashed a spree of death on all of their countries.
And then, she doesn't understand. See, I would say that Kamala's pick of Liz Cheney, Marjorie, is not the best. And they're wondering why they have virtually no votes from that particular community. I thought I thought about it took me about a second. They said, "Well, that's not a very good person to be campaigning with, I don't think."
They went from 100 percent approval to about 4 percent now. And you know who's got the approval? Me, because I want to see peace all over the place. We had no wars. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She ruined San Francisco, probably the greatest city in our country 20 years ago.
She destroyed it. And she's not going to be allowed to destroy our country. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayers expense. [Audience boos] And, perhaps, worst of all, she never worked at McDonald's. She never did. She lied about that. So, with your vote on Tuesday, we're going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.
We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to the state of Georgia. We will build America, and we will buy America, and we will hire America, and the jobs are going to be boring. And I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never happened if I were president.
And I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened if I were president. And I will prevent World War III from happening. [Audience responds affirmatively] Because this would be a war like no other. This would be a war at the level of destructive power. This would be a war like no other, but it'll never happen.
But it could happen with them. It will happen. I'm most worried about the next three months. That's what I'm worried -- I'm actually worried about the next three months. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military.
I rebuilt our entire military, but they gave a lot of it away to Afghanistan. Can you imagine that? They gave billions and billions of dollars away, but it's still only a fraction of what we have. I rebuilt the military. We've got to touch it up anyway. We're going to touch it up. And I rebuilt the nuclear arsenal.
And I hate -- I hated doing it because it's obliteration. We don't want that to happen. And, you know, Russia and myself in China, we're talking about de-escalation, actually, of nuclear. We had that going. And then, this stupid thing happened with the election, and -- you think Biden thought about that? He can't -- can't figure out how the hell he goes up to bed.
And besides that, I was just thinking the other day, you know, you have countries, and when somebody calls, like Putin calls, or President Xi, who's a fierce individual -- somebody said, "What's he like?" He's a very smart guy. But what's he like? "Well, he's a fierce individual." He really is. He's fierce.
When you get into an argument with him, you know you've got an argument going, right? He's a fierce -- and he loves China, and we love the USA, right? So -- but -- but I was thinking, today, let's say you're China, and you want to call the United States because there's a conflict or there's a problem, who the hell do you call? There's nobody -- do you call her? Do you call -- he's not going to be answering your phone.
He only works about two hours a day. And I understand. I mean, it's OK. But she can't really do it. She hasn't got the aptitude or the IQ or anything. She can't do it. So, who the hell do you call? [Audience chants "Trump"] Well, I don't know if they have a choice. There's nobody you can call. You ever have that? You're calling a company -- like, a nice company, and there's all flux and trouble.
You don't know who to talk to. Here's -- on a much larger scale, to put it mildly. On the largest scale in the world, you call the United States because we have a problem with something. You have no idea who the hell you're talking to. We will build a missile defense shield, all made in the USA, wrapped around our country to defend ourselves and our country.
It's all going to be made in the United States, and a lot of it in your great state. We'll put Hershel Walker in charge of that little sucker, OK? But we were -- we are going to -- we're going to do that. It's so important. You know, it's our technology. I know a lot of people say it's our technology, and we're going to use that technology at an even higher level.
You know, when you see Israel with 187 rockets blasted and almost all of them are knocked down, well, we got to have that kind of capability too. And we're the one can do it better than anybody. You know, Ronald Reagan wanted to do it, but we really didn't have the technology. He was great. But if we didn't have the technology then.
It would have been a terrible thing because if we would have had it, it would have never worked. But now we have technology where it can knock a -- it can knock a pin out of the sky. It can knock a little pin this big out of the sky. It's incredible. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, which is a mess, with graffiti on our marble -- beautiful Carrara marble columns all over the city, graffiti and filth and crime -- crime.
We're going to make it beautiful again, and we're going to rebuild our cities. We're going to work with Democrat mayors and governors. We'll probably have to, and we're going to make them -- we're going to make our cities beautiful and safe again. We'll work with them if we have to. And we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will keep men out of women's sports. That's like a no-brainer. Brett Favre endorsed me yesterday. That was beautiful. While we were in Wisconsin -- Green Bay, Wisconsin -- he said, "I've never endorsed anybody in my life. It was never appropriate for me to do so. You're the one person I'm going to endorse."
And I said, "That's an honor." He shook my hand. It's the largest hand I have ever seen. This hand is the biggest thing I've ever seen. Then you wonder why he threw the ball so hard and so long. He was a great player. But he endorsed me, and that was a great honor. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech.
And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are found -- we are going to just do this. We're going to do this so -- at the level that we have never done it before. Because we're putting America first, and we're going to help others.
We're not going to be -- you know, gee, we're never leaving our shores. We'll help others. But first, we have to build our country back up. We have a sick, sick country. I say, we're a nation in decline. We're not going to be a nation in decline for very long. I can tell you that. But we're going to defend our borders and protect our citizens.
We're going to do that. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We're going to stop those criminals from coming in. We're being invaded, and we're going to stop it. And we will not be invaded, and we will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. They are conquering.
Can you imagine using -- can you imagine, five years ago, somebody, me, standing up and saying, "We will not be invaded, we will not be conquered," because we are being invaded. Can you imagine that we even think of that, that we're using those expressions? Can you imagine that I'd be up here saying, "And I will stop men from playing in women's sports?" What the hell? You know, it's interesting.
I read so much, and it's such a big deal. So, as I said, I've been doing this for nine years. I've never had one person -- you know, they come up, "Sir, I think you should cut taxes. I think you should do this. I think you should have --" "Elon, build a rocket to Mars." I think everything. They never said to me, "Sir, it's very important that men be able to play in women's sports."
I've never had anybody come up -- and yet, it's like a big deal. That's all they talk about. They're all -- I never had anybody come up and say, "Sir, it's so important, let men play in women's sports." I don't get it. Same with transgender. I mean, you know, they want to do things that they shouldn't be doing.
It's terrible. And, you know, oftentimes, when it's done, that person that it was done to, 10 years later said, "Who did this to me? Who did this to me?" How sad is that? Little children, they take them without parental consent. Can you believe it? It's not even possible to believe. We're going to change it all around, and the people in the -- because, you know what? We're the party of common sense.
We're the party of common sense. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive. And every day will be filled with opportunity and hope, and always filled with that beautiful American dream. Your children -- I mean, you want your children -- yourself, but you want your children to have the American dream.
And they're going to have it, they're going to have it, they're going to have it very, very soon. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. So, on Tuesday -- see, it's very simple. For two weeks, I've been saying, call this number, that number, you know, early voting, late voting.
We should have one-day voting with paper ballots, voter ID, and proof of citizenship. Yes, I'm a United States citizen. And you know what? The voting would be concluded at 9 o'clock. The winner would be announced, and the loser would be announced at 9.30. You would save hundreds of millions of dollars.
Do you know that paper ballots -- actually, the paper is highly sophisticated. It's called watermark. I mean, it's like -- it's like got fingerprints on it, very sophisticated. But do you know that it cost 8 percent of the machines? And I'm upset because the machines, they say, I mean, you know, when are we going to have the -- they don't know.
They don't know. Is it going to be Tuesday? It should be Tuesday night. We should demand. It has to be -- it has to be accurate. Number one, it has to be Tuesday night. But eventually -- and we're going to work on that. That's a part of our platform. We're going to go to -- France did it. They had 39 million people vote.
They voted. They had a winner. They had a loser. You know, they went to mail-in ballots, and it didn't work. It was tremendous, rampant cheating. As you know, there would be -- Jimmy Carter said there would be when he was asked to chair a commission. But we're going to bring so many things back to our country.
And they're common sense things like that. You need to get out and vote. We're going to do things that are going to make you so proud. And we just don't want to take a chance. You know, we're leading by a lot. We're leading by numbers that nobody has ever seen before. Some people said, you know, "I really don't believe these polls. This is going to be a landslide,"
because, you know, we did a great job for four years. Right to try, another thing we did, right to try. If somebody is terminally ill, they got a chance to try, instead of going to Europe or Asia, they're terminally ill, and they go -- have to leave our country. We have the greatest doctors in the world, greatest scientists, greatest labs.
And I got it done. It was 42 years in the making. They couldn't get it done. And I said to the person wanting it, "You have to sign a no-liability. You're not going to sue the country, you're not going to sue the doctor, the lab, you're not going to sue anybody." And we're going -- and we've saved thousands and thousands of lives with right to try.
It's been amazing. And the people that fought it hardest, which were the doctors and the various insurance companies, they love it. Because when you save people that are terminally ill, that have no chance of living, and now they're saved. And not only are they saved, they're disease-free. I mean, what a great thing that is.
And thousands of people have been saved. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister, corrupt forces on Earth. With your vote in this election, you can show them, once and for all, that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. Belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country.
And two days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. Two days. Two days. What a beautiful sound. What a beautiful sound. Two days. Oh, please, please, please, help this country, please. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
You watch. It's going to be so good. It's going to be so much fun. It'll be nasty a little bit at times, and maybe at the beginning in particular, but it's going to be something. We're going to go to heights that this country never has reached, and nobody ever even thought it could. You're going to see things that you're not going to believe.
With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. That's why I'm doing this. I didn't have to be here tonight. I could have been on a beautiful beach somewhere, the sun pouring down on me, the waves, saltwater waves hitting me in the face.
I love those properties. But you know what? I love this much more. It's not even a contest. Many people have said, "Have you had it?" Because they've treated me terribly, you know. Look, they treated Andrew Jackson, President Andrew, a great general and a good president. They treated him the worst up until me.
They treated Abraham Lincoln is considered the second worst. They treated him very -- but he was in a civil war, in all fairness. I guess that makes sense. He had a civil war. But now, I think there's no question about the fact that I got treated the worst. Think of it. And it did. I mentioned before, I got treated worse than Alphonse Capone, one of the greatest killers in the world, Scarface.
And my father is looking down. Probably he's looking down. But my mother is definitely looking down. My father, you know, a little questionable, but he was -- he was a tough guy, but he was a great guy and a good guy. But we're one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, under God. We will never give in.
We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. We're not surrendering. We're there. We're there. You got to get out and vote with it. We're actually on the one-yard line. Let's go get out and vote. Everybody, vote, vote, vote vote. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win.
We're going to win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Great again."] [Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you, Georgia. Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you.
Wow. Thank you very much, everybody. Oh, this is a nice crowd. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Well a very, very special -- a very special hello to Greensboro. Hello, Greensboro, and another hello to North Carolina because I've been at North Carolina a lot lately. You've probably seen. I followed that horrible storm, and then I came back.
And we spent a lot of time here yesterday, met some incredible people. What they've done is unbelievable. They haven't had much help from our government in Washington. I can tell you that. [Audience boos] But come January 20th, when we take office, we're going to -- you're going to be seeing a lot of me.
We're going to fix it up and make it better than ever. And I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. And that's what you are. And I'd -- I'd like to begin by asking a question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so.
I don't think so. So, I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans with your vote this election. I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals into our country. And I will bring back, as your president, the American dream. We're going to bring it back. Our country is being crippled and destroyed by Kamala Harris. [Audience boos]
But it does not have to be this way. It won't be this way for long hopefully, what we've put up with the two of them, what we've put up with the two of them. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence failure and disaster or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
We'll do something that nobody will even believe. After all of the catastrophes that she has caused, Kamala -- Kamala, ay, ay, ay, she can't say one thing, not one thing that she'd do differently. They said, "Would you do anything differently?" "Well, I can't really think of anything." Right? No, she's terrible.
We need smart people now. It's time for smart people, not time for these people. So, I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again, and this will be America's new golden age. We're going to turn it around so fast, your head will spin. I'm going to stop all of this craziness. Every problem facing us can be solved.
But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands. And North Carolina, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. We're not going to take it anymore. "You're the worst vice president in the history of our country, and you're aligned with the worst president in the history of our country," who, by the way, likes me more than he likes her but I won't say that.
Kamala, you're fired. Get out, Kamala. Get out, get out. [Applause] No, I think she probably does. I think he likes me slightly more. He hates -- he doesn't -- he hates me, you know. But when you think of what happened to him, think about it, he was doing OK, and then he had sort of a bad debate and his numbers went down a little bit.
And that's to be expected. And then, they went to him and they really just took the presidency away from him. And he's got a lot of anger in his heart. He's got a lot of hatred in his heart. And much of it goes to her because she was the first one out. She failed. She was -- 22 people were going for the Democrat nomination, right? And she was the first one -- think of it, she was the first one out.
And now, they're a threat to democracy, as they like to say. They're a threat to democracy. [Audience responds affirmatively] But nobody would have thought that was possible. And now, she's cratering in the polls. You know, you see it because they're learning who she is. She's a radical left lunatic.
Yesterday, I was here in North Carolina, outside Asheville, where I witnessed the terrible devastation of Hurricane Helene. To every family who has lost a loved one or a home or -- they lost so much, our hearts are with you and we are praying for you. The polls are open for early voting in North Carolina and every day from now till November 2nd.
And then, on November 5th, oh -- you know, if you think about it, that is a chance to be the biggest day in American history. That could be a very exciting day. It's going to be the most important election in American history. I really believe it because our country has lost its way. We are a failing nation.
I don't like saying that, but we are indeed a failing nation. What a nice crowd this is. Wow. That's a lot of people. [Audience chants "Trump"] Now, we don't like saying it, but it's true. Thank you. Thank you. Great. What people, what people. We're going to take care of you. We're going to work together.
You know, we won twice here, and we won twice everywhere, if you want to really know. We won twice everywhere. Too big to rig, we got to make it too big to rig. Everybody get out, but we're going to make it too big to rig. But if you're displaced due to the storm, you do not have to return to your home county to vote.
You can request a ballot to your temporary housing location, and go to trumpvote24.com/nc for more details. You know what, the amazing thing and the fake news is picking it up -- that's a lot of fake news tonight. [Audience boos] That's a -- that's a lot. And up there, I would say you have about 9 percent of decent people, you know, it's like about 9 percent.
It's unbelievable. Boy, it would be nice. You know what, if we had an honest press, a press that wrote the truth, we would be so much further along as a country. [Audience responds affirmatively] But that's a big group back there. You know where Kamala is today? They don't want to tell you. She's -- no, no, no.
You don't know where she is? Do you know where she is? She's sleeping. She took a day off. She's got no energy at all. Her speeches last for about 15 minutes. Peter knows that. Right, Peter? Her speeches last for about 15, 20 minutes. She's out of there. And right now -- so think of this. We have 14 days to the most important election in the history of our country.
It's actually only important for that -- for -- for us, it's important. For them, I don't think it's that important. I really don't think it's that important. But you know what she did. She took a day off. How do you take a day off? Fourteen days, you don't take days off, right? I've gone 52 days now.
I got 14 more. We don't take days off. We got to win this thing. If we don't win it. Our country is in big trouble. Our country is in big trouble. No, I heard it today, and she's taking another day off tomorrow, they say. [Audience boos] What the hell? Maybe she knows something that we don't know. Do you think she knows some kind of result that we don't know about, maybe? Maybe she knows something.
I doubt it. No, she's bad news. With your help, 14 days from now, we're going to win North Carolina, [Applause] we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. We're going to make it so great, right? This state was once the beating heart of American manufacturing. You know that, you know what happened.
But year after year, globalist after globalist, radical left politician after radical left politician, Kamala Harris and her party sold you out, allowed your jobs to be plundered and stolen from you by other countries. After NAFTA and China's entry into the World Trade Organization, some of the worst things that ever happened to this country.
North Carolina lost over 300,000 manufacturing jobs, like taking candy from a baby, including 60 percent of its furniture manufacturing jobs. You know, I used to come here to buy furniture. I'd come here, the -- the artists you had, there were artisans, they were incredible. I'd like to see a new handle on the chair, and you'd have a guy, "Oh, yes, sir."
Ding ding, ding, ding, ding. I mean the most incredible talent. But stupid politicians took that away from you, really stupid, horrible politicians. [Audience boos] They took it away, they took it away. It went to China and lots of other places. And you heard, when I bought some -- I bought some furniture, the chairs would break.
People would sit in the damn chairs, they'd break, I end up getting sued all the time. I like North Carolina much better, if that's OK. Under Kamala, the United States lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs just this year alone. I don't even mention Biden anymore. I don't know what the hell is going on there.
Who do you tell? Who's running this place? You know, we have -- we're close to a nuclear war, and we don't know who the hell is running our country. Is it him? [Audience member calls out "Obama. Obama."] He goes -- he goes, Obama is running it. Obama. That's another beauty, Obama, he did great, didn't he? He did great.
If you like a divided country, he was great. He was fabulous, Obama, he was a real beauty. But under the Trump administration, we're going to take back what's ours, we're going to take it back. We're going to bring it all back. We're going to end the looting, ransacking, raping, and pillaging of North Carolina and our country, our whole country, because you're one state.
But this has happened to many states look at what's happened in Michigan with the automobiles. I mean, they were the -- the capital of the world for automobiles. Now, they're really just hanging by a thread. And because of me, I just stopped the largest plant anywhere in the world being built in Mexico owned by China.
They were going to make cars, and they were going to -- you know this story. A year ago, they announced the largest plant in the world. They were going to make cars, sell them into the United States and destroy Detroit, Michigan, and all of Michigan. They were going to make more cars in that one plant than all of Michigan makes as a whole.
And I said, "You're not going to do it." And I said, "You know what I'm going to run for president and I'm going to put tariffs on that damn plant and you're not going to do it." [Audience responds affirmatively] And I just heard last week they've abandoned the plant because of Trump. Because they think we're going to get elected.
And they say, "If Trump gets elected, we're going to lose our ass, and we're not going to do it." So, they decided they're not going to build the plant. But you know what, if she gets in, they'll start the plant like your -- like your head will spin. And they'll be selling hundreds of thousands millions of cars into our country with that big monstrous plant.
There were a number of plants. They were all stopped, every one of them, because they think I'm going to come in and impose 100, maybe 200 -- I'll do whatever's necessary. They're not going to have one car come into our country and destroy Michigan and South Carolina and Tennessee and a little bit of North Carolina.
But you know, South Carolina has been very big with that. But we're not going to let them destroy our -- our country, our states that do the auto things. You do a little bit of it and sometimes a lot depending on your mood. You have a lot of things in the state. You cover a lot of territory. Peter, they cover a lot of territory in this state.
But the one that I like best, I loved -- and I really mean it, I loved what you did for furniture. Isn't that terrible? I had such a heart for furniture here. It's hard to come back. It's hard to come back. But we're going to bring it back. We're going to bring all of it back more than you ever had before.
We're going to bring it all back. We're going to bring it all back. And if she -- if she comes -- I'll tell you what, if she becomes president of this country, this country is finished. [Audience boos] This country is finished. And I don't like to be that way. And I wasn't that way. Even with crooked Hillary, I wasn't talking that way.
This woman is a radical left lunatic who has no right even running. She doesn't deserve to be able to run. She came in last in the primary, now she's running because they want to be politically correct. I'm not going to let this happen. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market in the planet.
But you know, it will not -- if we keep going like this, we're not going to have the best market anymore. We're going to be like Venezuela on steroids, OK? That's what we're going to be. And I used to say that. And if I don't get elected, that's what's going to happen. You're going to end up in a 1929-style depression.
If you look at what her policies are, she has no idea about business. She has no idea -- frankly, she has no idea about anything. She destroyed San Francisco, which was really the best city, I think maybe the best city in the country. She destroyed it. She helped destroy California along with Gavin New-scum, who is one of the worst governors in the history of our country. [Audience boos]
But only if they make their products here, they're going to get these benefits, only if they make their products here in America and they hire American workers to do the job. [Audience responds affirmatively] It's very simple. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a quite stiff tariff.
Nice tariff, we're taking a lot. You know how much China paid us during my time? Hundreds of billions of dollars. No other president got them to pay 10 -- not 10 cents, go through all these great presidents. Oh, they were so great. Not 10 cents, China didn't pay 10 cents, and they were ripping us left and right.
That's why I got into politics, if you want to call it that. I don't feel I'm a politician, but what the hell. Call me whatever you want. But it really was trade. And you know what, it morphed from trade. And now, I say, most important thing to me, trade, always trade with me. We're going to make -- we're going to bring jobs back like nobody's ever seen.
But the border, it's so horrible what they're doing to us on the border. To me, you know, if you look at the polls, it's the economy, and it's inflation, and then it's the border. [Audience chants "Build that wall."] I think the border is the biggest. Thank you. Thank you. So, I think it's -- I think the border has become -- to me, it's the worst thing I've ever seen, where we're allowing criminals to come in, hundreds of thousands of criminals to pour into our country.
They come from jails, they come from places unknown, from countries we've never even heard of. One hundred eighty-one countries were represented as of last night. Think of it, 180. To me, No. 1 is our border. We don't want murderers. We don't want people from mental institutions coming in. We don't want people coming in who are terrorists.
And I think it's No. 1. And then, No. 2 would be economy. And No. 3 is inflation. Or you could put them together, do it any way you want. But I think that the border is the biggest threat to this country. [Audience responds affirmatively] Other than, of course, some horrible, horrible, radical left, lunatic politicians that we have.
That's pretty -- that's a pretty big threat to our country also. But I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth.
And we'll have it back there very soon. We're going to have it back there very soon. With four more years of Kamala Harris, North Carolina will be an economic wasteland. That's what's going to happen. The rest of your companies are going to move out. Everybody knows that. The smart people know that. She's the only one that doesn't know it.
Low IQ, she's a low-IQ individual. [Audience boos] And we've had that for four years. We don't need another four. No country could take that. Can you imagine what President Xi -- you know, I got to know him very well. He's a fierce individual. The press, the fake news hates when I say that he's a brilliant man.
He runs 1.4 billion people with an iron fist. If I say he's a brilliant man, they say, "He called him a -- OK? He's not a smart man at all." These people are crazy back there, I'm telling you. Am I allowed to say he's smart? He's smart. He's a smart man. He's a fierce man. I get along with him very well.
Putin. These are people that are tough people. Kim Jong Un, North Korea nuclear weapons all over the place. I said, "Do you ever do anything else? Go to a game, do something." You know, he loves producing nuclear weapons. That's what he likes producing. And he's got a lot of them. And he has no respect for our leadership now, and he doesn't respect -- he didn't respect Obama.
He thought Obama was a real jerk, a real jerk. And I think he's a real jerk because I've watched him campaign over the last couple of -- over the last couple of days, I watched him campaign. What a divider he is, right? What a divider he is. He divided this country, he couldn't care less, him and his little group of people.
He was -- he was a -- he was terrible. But I've watched what he's done. He's trying to campaign because she's incapable of campaigning. So, they send him in to try -- he's not going to do it. He also -- you know who he helped? He helped Hillary Clinton. How did that work out? He came out for Hillary. [Audience boos]
So, they sent out the same thing. But the fake news, you'd never -- they don't talk about that. They said, "Oh, they're bringing out Barack Hussein Obama. Oh, Barack. Remember Rush? Barack Hussein Obama. Rush Limbaugh, we -- we miss him. Don't we -- don't we miss him, Peter? [Audience responds affirmatively] They're bringing out Obama. I say, "
Oh, they did that with Hillary Clinton. Good. I'm glad they're bringing him out." The reason they're bringing him out -- because he doesn't even want to do it. I think he's -- I think he's exhausted. I watched him talk, and I think the guy is exhausted. And I never say a guy's looking old, but he is looking a little bit older, isn't he? You know, there's nothing wrong with that.
Nothing wrong. But he's exhausted, he's exhausted. But you know the reason they bring him out and other people -- they're bringing out all these other people. You know, nobody goes to their rallies, nobody goes there. So, you know what they do? They bring in so-called stars, stars that I've never even heard of.
You know, these are not stars to me. These are not stars to me, but they bring out some people. And what happens is the star comes in, they get a little bit of a crowd -- they don't get crowds like this. And they have guitars, I don't, OK? I got nothing up here. And they bring them out, and they get an audience.
They perform for a couple of minutes, and then they leave. And then, the candidate gets up, there's nobody in the room. They got to do it the other way around, you know. Let her speak first. But they bring him out because they need help because she cannot talk for more than 15 minutes. And when the teleprompter goes out, remember, "32, 32, 32 days, 32, 32, 32, 32."
I said, "What the hell is going on with her?" I was watching. I was watching. You always want to watch your opponent, right? You know, I was watching her, and she started doing that, "32." She was just about gone and then that sucker snapped back on. They go out. It's a dangerous business. You know, if you -- if you're a teleprompter reader, it could be dangerous because no matter how good these guys -- I have a great guy.
But about 5 percent of the time, you lose a teleprompter. Sometimes, it breaks down and snaps. We call it a snap back. You know it's gone, and now, you're on your way, and then you go, ping, and it's back. But no matter how good they are, you lose it 5 percent of the time. And I thought she lost it. And I just wanted to see a little bit longer, I just wanted to see -- because she was over.
But if you're -- if you'd like to go into politics, you got to be able to make a speech without reading a teleprompter. Because if you need a teleprompter like her, you're in trouble. We got two of them, Biden and her. How about Biden? [Audience boos] He'd make a hello, and then he could never find -- I don't want to hit him too hard anymore, though, because, you know, I really want to keep it this way where he likes me better than her because I think it's -- no, but think of it.
They -- they stole the presidency of the United States. They took it. I don't want to use the word coup. You know, nobody knows what the hell it means. Nobody -- it was a coup, but nobody knows. Here's simpler. They stole the presidency. They walked in, they said, "You're getting out." I mean, he didn't have to do that.
And then, they say, "He was so brave in getting out. He was so brave. It was such a wonderful -- it was so wonderful that he got out. He's a great American hero." They threw him out, they took him out. Crazy Nancy Pelosi, she's crazy. She's a nut job, by the way. And Schumer, I was with Schumer the other night at the big Catholic dinner.
How did I do at that dinner? [Applause] Good? Yeah. The Al Smith dinner, big dinner, 77 years. Almost without fail, every candidate goes to that out of respect to Catholics. And she said she's not going. It never happens. It hadn't happened in decades. And the last person, we know who that was, the last person lost -- let's see, he lost everything but one state.
You know what state it was? Minnesota, the home of the worst, stupidest -- the stupidest man I've ever seen run for office. Is there something wrong with that guy? He's always bouncing, he's going with his heart. Yeah. I never got that. But there's something wrong with that guy, I'm telling you. And you know, that should enter in -- and I have somebody, the exact opposite, a brilliant guy, JD Vance, [Audience responds affirmatively] who's really very solid, very solid.
Kamala's inflation has already cost the typical family over $30,000 on higher prices. And now, she wants to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. Take a look at this.
[Video clip] My name is Donald Trump, and I approve this message.
[Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you. Remember, when I said no taxes on tips? And then, like a month later, she goes, "We will have no taxes on tips." And the place was booming, they said. A little bit late, anyway, and you never heard it.
I haven't even heard her say it again after that because that just shows you the kind of dedication they have to their statements. No, she's the taxing queen, and she's also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production, along with the largest capital gains tax hike in history. This is going to be the largest tax anybody's ever had to pay.
And every business is going to leave our country and go to another country. They don't have to stay here, they have a lot of opportunity. It used to be -- you'd go to a different state. Now, they go to a different country, they'll go to Asia, they'll go to Europe, they go to different countries, and you've had that.
And all you're doing is forcing them out. And with them goes the jobs and the money. By contrast, I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses and do just as you saw, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits. I will make -- here's something that I think is going to be great.
Think of this. And I just made a decision to do it a little bit differently because I'm only going to do it if they build that particular product, namely an automobile, in the United States. Listen to this. I will make interest on car loans fully tax deductible because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream.
So, I had calls from the biggest people in Wall Street, "Where did you come up with these ideas? The no tax on tips who gave that to you." Actually, it was a waitress at Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. I didn't -- I didn't pay a consultant $5 million to come up with the idea. A waitress said, "It's terrible the way they're treating us with tips."
And a lot of them -- you know, I mean, a lot of people don't report those tips anyway, really. I guess it's a sort of a weird kind of a thing. How do you tax it? Somebody puts $5 in their pocket, you know. Let's see. But she gave me the idea. But they said, "How did you come up with this thing on deductibility of interest on automobiles?" I said, "It was just an idea I had, but I had a better idea because here's what I'm doing."
I want it to benefit -- I don't want it to benefit other countries. I want it to benefit us. So, it's deductibility of interest is great, but only if the car is manufactured in the United States. [Audience chants "USA"] Is that a great idea? [Audience responds affirmatively] Why the hell would we give him taxes if they manufacture the car in China or Japan or lots of other places that stole our business over the years.
Mexico is a very big threat, I'm telling you. it's a big threat. So, we're doing that now, and I think that's going to be great for Detroit. And we're leading in Michigan by the way by a good margin because of the cars. One of the -- because of the brilliant mandate that next week, you're going to be forced to drive all electric, everybody is going to have an electric car. [Audience boos]
They don't go far, they cost too much. And by the way, they're great. You know what, they're great. And Elon makes the best of him as far as I'm concerned. [Audience responds affirmatively] But, and he'll be the first to admit, it's a certain market. And it's a certain market for certain things. But you have to have gasoline-powered here.
We have more gasoline, we have more oil and gas. We have more liquid gold than anybody in the world. And we're trying to -- and we're trying to go all electric. So, we want that. We want hybrids. We don't want hydrogen cars. We don't want hydrogen -- does any would anybody like a hydrogen car? You know what a hydrogen car? It's a great car.
It's a wonderful car, except if it happens to explode, then you are unrecognizable. They said they have it down. They don't think more than 10 or 20 will explode a year. But if it does, you're gonzo. So, we told them, "Let's not spend a lot of money on that." That's one of those things, no matter how good it is, you don't want it.
But other than that, they said it works quite well. On day one of the Trump administration, I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end the green new scam once and for all. You know, the green new scam is, you know whose idea that was right? AOC, young girl, very nice person. [Audience boos]
She never even studied the environment in college, average student at best. She was an average student. She walked in one day, she said, "We're going to all be dead in 12 years because the oceans are rising." Well, that's -- it's been more than 12 years. What's going on. Now, we have a much bigger threat.
We have a threat called nuclear weapons and having stupid people running our country. And if you talk about global warming, that's the real global warming, not this nonsense of the oceans going to rise over the next 400 years by one-eighth of an inch, and we're going to be wiped out. No, we have a threat right now, and we better get smart because we're very close to World War III.
If you take a look at what's going on, we're very close. So, we have a couple of different areas, but we'll have more than that. And you can look at the size -- look at the teams, they're already being divided up. You see what's going on with Iran and Russia and China. And now, other countries are adding into that group, North Korea.
No, no, no. We have very stupid people letting this happen. That should have never happened. Now, they want to attack our dollar. They want to take our dollar away from us. They want to take our dollar and not -- not have that be the standard any longer. And that would be like losing a world war, then we would be indeed third-world status.
And if I'm elected, they're not doing that, I guarantee you that. [Audience responds affirmatively] No chance. Just like Russia would have never attacked Ukraine, zero, by the way -- even a Democrat congressman whose on television and many Democrats are saying that -- and by the way, for four years, they didn't.
So, you know, it's not like, "Oh, gee. They won't." For four years, they didn't. I think what happened is when Putin saw how weak we were, how pathetic we were with the stupid Milley and these generals that aren't even generals as far as I was concerned -- what a stupid group of people they were, Mattis, Milley.
You know the real ones, the ones that I used to defeat ISIS, we defeated ISIS, They were the real generals. They were the real generals. They weren't the television generals, they weren't the dumb ones. They were the ones that were warriors. But we'll quickly become energy independent. And we will frac, frac, frac, and we will drill, baby, drill.
We're going to drill. And I will cut -- in 12 months from January 20th, that's the day we take office, I will cut your energy prices by 50, 5-0 percent, 50 percent within one year. And we can do it. No other country can -- very few countries can say it, but no other country can say that. We have more liquid gold.
We're going to drill. Your prices are going to come down, then everything else is going to start coming down, too, because you're paying too much. You know what people tell me mostly? Groceries, the simple word groceries. I say, "What do you mean?" The overall effect of bacon and lettuce and all of this stuff is -- is the biggest -- the worst we've ever had.
We've never had anything like it. How about interest rates? When I was president -- think of this. When I was president, interest was 2.2 percent. Now, it's 10 percent and you can't get any money. So, it's much higher than 10 percent. And I have really good news because I keep hearing people say 2.50, 2.
25 a gallon. So, the other day, I'm looking at some things and some statistics. So, we had $1.84 a gallon. That was the real price that you had, $1.84 compared to -- now, it's about $4, but it was up to $5. In California, it was $7 and $8. We were at $1.84, and everybody was happy. It was nice to drive to Washington, DC.
But the problem with Washington, DC, it's too dangerous. We're going to clean that city up, and we're going to make it great, and we're going to make it safe so you can go down and you can see the Washington Monument. You can go see Honest Abe, and you can see Thomas Jefferson. They wanted to rip that down.
Remember, they want to rip down the Thomas Jefferson. And I said, "That's not going to happen." Remember, I passed that law, an old law that was -- they came into town, they wanted to rip down our statues. And I said, "Well, do they have a point?" You know, a couple of them were a little rough, a couple of them.
Then, I said, "Well, now they -- I heard they want to rip down Honest Abe Lincoln. That's -- now, you're getting a little bit nasty." And I went out, and we were tough. I said, "Give me that law, I want to sign it immediately." We took it. It was an old law from early 1900s. And it basically said that if you so much as look at or touch any monument anywhere in the country, federal monument anywhere in the country, you get immediately 10 years in jail with no, no early getting out stuff.
And I signed it with a news conference. Remember I said, "Anybody that wants to play games with me, you can play games, but it's not going to work out well." And we had a lot of people in Washington that were having a lot of fun thinking about which statue they're going to take down. And as soon as I signed it, I watched those -- the backs of those people.
I don't want to use the word asses. I watched the backs of those leaving town. They all left town very nicely. We had no problem. But just recently, a month ago, they were in Washington, and they're spray painting, beautiful limestone lions and doing tremendous damage fighting with the police. And by the way, nothing happened to those people.
You know, when you spray paint over a limestone, you'll see it in 100 years from now because limestone is a very porous -- I was really good at real estate and building. Limestone is very porous, porous stone, and that stuff goes right into that. You can't get it out unless you want to do it with a chisel, and that's not going to work.
And you're going to see that in 100 years from now. And it's very, very sad, and nothing happened to those people. Nothing. I watched it very closely. And they did great destruction. And they had fistfights with our cops, right? They had fistfights. They were rolling in the grass and fighting our police.
Nothing happened to them. Under Kamala's economy, millions of Americans are suffering because of inflation. They're losing their jobs. They can't afford housing, groceries, or a car. And yet, Kamala is importing millions of illegals across our borders and giving them taxpayer benefits at your expense while taking the jobs [Audience boos] from African Americans and from Hispanic Americans at levels that we have not seen.
You're going to see reports coming out very soon. They're trying to hold it until after the election. Hopefully, it won't matter because we're going to win by so much. But -- but let them give you the reports of what's happening to our African American population or Hispanic population. They are taking the jobs of our African Americans and Hispanic Americans.
And it's tremendous numbers, and they're going to release these numbers sometime after the election, and everyone's going to be upset. And nothing they could do because what -- you're going to have to wait four more years. And I'm not sure we can wait four more years because I don't know that we'll have a country in four more years, so they better -- you ought to start looking at that to the fake news media.
Show them what's happening to the Black population and to the Hispanic population with these people that are coming into our country illegally. You are witnessing the economic oppression of Americans to reward and enrich illegal aliens. It's just like -- you know, they come into hotels, and they stay in hotels and luxury hotels paid for by the government.
And they walk past our veterans who are sleeping on the street right in front of that hotel. [Audience boos] But all of that stops two weeks from tonight. For four straight years, Kamala Harris has imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails, from insane asylums and mental institutions all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo, not just South America, this is all over the world.
We're the dumping ground for the whole world to put their criminals into. And she has resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent Americans, and that's what they're doing. You just take a look at what's going on in Colorado, take a look at what's going on there. They're taking over. They're in the real estate business like I am.
The only difference is I go out and borrow nice money from a bank. They do it with guns. You see what's going on in Aurora, But it's not just Aurora, it's hundreds of communities. They don't want to talk about it because they don't want to destroy the reputation of the community. And they better start talking about it because they won't have a community.
When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. It's going to begin. Are you from yesterday? [Audience chants "Trump"] Is that you yesterday? Yesterday? One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gang that Kamala has imported into our country -- she let them just come in.
Remember, she's a stupid person, open borders, open borders. As soon as I saw it, I said, "Well, wait a minute." I know the world, I know many of the leaders of the world other than the ones that were changed, not that many. I know them, they're smart, they're streetwise, very streetwise people. I said, "Wait a minute. They're going to let all their prisoners out into our country."
When you have open borders, there's no checking, there's no vetting. And very importantly, Border Patrol, they're phenomenal. They endorsed me last week with the strongest endorsement that you've ever seen. Unanimous, unanimous. And in the endorsement they said she is so bad, there's never been anybody bad.
That, by itself, should cost her -- thousands of people voted for me unanimous endorsement of the Border Patrol because we had the safest border. Bring down my -- my favorite chart. I love this chart. I sleep with this chart. I kiss this chart every night. I love it. I love this chart. Isn't that a beautiful? Every night, I roll it up and I kiss it because I wouldn't be here right now without that chart.
I look to my right, and I said what the hell happened. But look at that arrow on the bottom, that's when I left office, that's the day I left office right there. That's the lowest we've ever had. This was done by Border Patrol, by the way. And look what happened after I left. There was an explosion like one of Elon's rocket ships, look at that.
How good is Elon, by the way? Isn't he great? You know -- you know, here's a guy, you talk about -- he's got -- he is so smart. He's -- he's -- we're inside, beautiful place, beautiful arena packed, nice, probably 71 degrees. We finally have air conditioned. Some of these things don't have air conditioning.
It's brutal. Congratulations to the people who own this place, whoever the hell owns it. We appreciate the air, but it's like 71 degrees. It's beautiful. Elon is right now in Pennsylvania politicking because he thinks this is the most important election in history, and he says we won't have a country.
How cool is that? And he's registering voters. He's an amazing guy. How cool was the rocket ship that landed the other day, right? I never saw it. I told the story. I don't know if you've heard this. Just turn off your ears for a second. I'm talking to a very important guy, and I have the -- the no sound on the -- muted.
And I'm looking at television talking to this guy. Very important, but quite boring, to be honest with you. I hope he doesn't watch me say this because he'll be able to figure out who it is. But anyway, I said, "Wait a minute. Would you hold on, please, just for a second?" Because I'm looking at the screen.
I'm seeing this 20-storey, huge tube pouring down and fire and -- you know, fire is pouring out of it. And it used to be white, but the heat is thousands of degrees coming down. They say thousands and thousands, so it's been beat up in that trip down. And I see this massive tube, it's coming down and the fire is burning and exploding all over the place.
I said, "Oh my. This is terrible. It's going to crash. What the hell is it?" I wasn't even sure, maybe it was a movie. But I'm looking at the news and I see it, and then all of a sudden, it's going to hit the gantry and a flame comes out of the left and pushes it over like it was nothing. I said, "What the hell?" And then -- and then these two giant arms come, they envelop it like a beautiful -- I won't say it, I get myself into too much trouble.
When I say that stuff, it's so great. I'd like to, but I'm not going to because I'm going to be politically correct, if you don't mind. You know what Elon says? Like two giant chopsticks. He wouldn't be better off if I said that, Wouldn't that Mr. Wall -- this guy is the greatest guy. Stand up. I love this guy, comes to so many of these.
And he's a very successful guy, but he likes these rallies. He's had a lot of them. We have the ladies from North Carolina here, too. Would you stand up? I call them the beautiful ladies from North Carolina. And you're not allowed to call ladies beautiful anymore. It's the end of your political career.
If you say, "Aren't they beautiful?" That's the end of your political career. But who cares? You are beautiful. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. They've come to how -- what number is this like 230 or 240 or something, and they're happily married because I've met their husbands. Their husbands are really nice.
I don't know how the hell they put up with this stuff. But at least, here, we're in North Carolina. How long a trip was this? Pretty short, right? [Audience member calls out "Two and a half hours"]
Well, that's a long time, 2.5 hours. That's like short compared to Texas, California. Thank you very much. It's a great honor. It's always nice to see them. They're always so -- they're always so brightly dressed. They got plenty of cash. You know, there's -- they're so brightly and beautifully dressed all the time and quaffed.
They're beautifully quaffed. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you. And we have our Front Row Jacks. We have our Front Row Jacks and Joes. Thank you very much. What happened? You're not in the front row, whoa. These must be very powerful people in the front. Look at these people. Who are these people? They kept the wall back there.
Wow. We got to figure this out. That young man must be a very powerful guy. But we appreciate it. We've had a lot of rallies. And we're going to have our biggest of all at Madison Square Garden. We're going to make a play for New York. It hasn't been won in many, many decades. But with what's going on in New York between the illegal migrants and the crime they're causing and hurting people so badly and all of the problems in New York, we're going to give it a hell of a shot.
So, we took Madison Square Garden. We filled it up. Think of this, sold out in three hours. Done. Can you imagine? If -- if a normal politician -- and I don't say this in any way, I just say, if a politician -- like, take our best politician -- after me, take our best politician. If you had 250, 300 people that would -- you know, you'd have 300 people in a ballroom or something.
Ronald Reagan would have 350 people, 400 people. We sell out these things, 25,000 people, at Madison Square Garden because we use the floor, right? The basketball. So, we have the whole thing, holds 18,000 or 19,000. We have the floor. And it's sold out in three hours so that's a great honor. But we're going to do -- we're going to do a big one in the Atlanta arena.
We're trying to sign the Philadelphia arena. We had tremendous success at the -- in Long Island, you know, at the -- where the -- where the ice hockey team plays, the Islanders. And it was -- it was -- we could have sold that thing out four times, it was incredible. So, we're doing them. And we're sort of -- you know, it's sad because we're sort of wrapping it up.
You know that, right? We've been doing this now for a long time. We had two unbelievable elections. We had two -- no, no, well, but we are. I didn't even think of it. I was being interviewed by a very good person today, actually, and that person said, "When you did Madison Square Garden," it's in a week, and he said, "Is that sort of wrapping it all up, right?" And I said, "I never thought of it that way, but I guess you could sort of wrap it."
We have a few days left after that. But we sort of are -- and when you think, we've been doing it for -- from 2015. And now, we're where we are. So, we're, you know, talking about nine years, almost 10 years by the time we do it. And there's something. And think of what we've done. This is the greatest movement in political history.
I mean, there's never been anything like it, right? The greatest movement in political history. And I know -- oh, look, there's Uncle Sam back there. Look at that guy. He shook my hand. This guy's got the hardest handshake. My hand is still recovering from his handshake. Uncle Sam, how are you? And I have no idea who he is, I promise you.
Somebody says, "Oh, do you pay these people?" I don't pay them. I don't pay the wall. I don't pay Uncle Sam, but they're incredible patriots. And you know what? They're very smart people, they're incredible people. But this is like a football game to some. You know, they come in these guys, they're accountants.
They head accounting firms, law firms, and they got the name of some football player in the back. I don't know if I could do that. Well, maybe Lawrence Taylor, he's my friend. I'll come in with Lawrence Taylor. These are all guys, we have a -- we have a lot of endorsements from athletes. That, I can tell you.
But thank you, Uncle Sam. But, you know, it's sort of interesting. I never thought of it. It's sort of wrapping. We're wrapping it up. We're wrapping up something that has been incredible. There's never been anything like this, the -- the rallies, the size of them, the -- the enthusiasm. And we have more enthusiasm now than we did for 2016 or 2020.
But we really started -- and we really started in 2015, you know, about a year before, a little less than a year before. We started in 2015. And it was -- it's been really amazing. It's been great. It's been great to be with you. And now, we want to close it out with a beautiful bang, and we want to straighten out the country, and we're going to -- [Audience member calls out "We'll pray for you."
] thank you, darling. I pray for you, too. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. But it's been -- it's been like a movement of love, you know. And it's like -- you know, when we first started, there used to be like some fights and there were problems where you have -- not much, but we had some. It's been -- and I don't want to -- I don't want to jinx it by saying, but it's been -- it's been like love.
It's been like amazing. It's been -- it is. And you know what? The -- the people back there, when I say things, if I'm a little bit off, they'll go headlines, headlines. And I don't mean to be a little bit off, but this is the single greatest political movement in the history of our country. There's never been anything like it, right? And -- and if it wasn't -- if it were just slightly behind some other movement that nobody could even come close to talking about, they would have headlines.
I have to be very careful when I say things. But -- so he said that. And he said, "Is this wrapping it up?" And I never thought of it. I didn't think of it that way. We're in the heart of battle, and we have to win in our country. And then, we're going to have four great years, and that's a different kind of a battle.
But for what we're doing, for the campaigning, this will be -- we're pretty much -- we're 14 days from sort of wrapping it up. And we're going to have different kinds of -- we're going to have different kinds of get togethers. And hopefully, it's going to be get togethers of success. We're going to base it on success.
We're going to have great success with this country. We're going to bring back -- we're going to bring back our businesses. We're going to stop crime in the streets. We're going to close up our borders. We're going to let people come in to our country. We want -- we need people to take all these jobs that will -- we're going to be creating a lot of jobs just by the use of -- very smart use of tariffs, taxes, and incentives.
Just like I told you, just come up with one. And literally, I did it with a friend of mine who's a great business person. I said, "What do you think of the idea?" "I like the idea of the deduction for a car interest deduction for a car." But then I said, "But to get it, you have to build the car in the United States."
Who would think of that? You know, it sounds simple like the paperclip. It's very simple. Somebody came up -- 129 years ago or something, they came up with the paperclip, and other people looked at it. And they said, "How the hell -- why didn't I think of this idea?" And now, you'll have everybody come out and say, "We're going to deduct interest."
But you know what? It doesn't have the same ring. No, that's a big deal that we're going to make so many cars in Detroit with that. That's going to be so big. But I said, "Wait a minute, if I do this, what are we going to do? Make more cars in China?" You know, China, I put a tariff on Chinese, 27.5 percent.
And because of that, they're not flooding our country. They're destroying Europe. They're just flooding Europe with cars. But we've kept our car company -- car companies. And -- but it's a fraction of what it used to be. We had the glory days. We were making everybody's cars. The Cadillac was the most -- my father -- to my father, having a Cadillac -- he'd get a Cadillac every two years that was his definition of luxury, "I just want a Cadillac every two years."
That was -- and today, you know they don't talk so much about that. We're going to take care of our military better. We're going to take care of our military better than anybody. You know -- you know, with our military, we took care of our veterans better than anybody has ever taken care of. We took care of our veterans.
We got a 92 percent approval rating. And now, it's back down to 44 or 43. We did choice, we had choice. So, if a person had to wait -- one of our great -- because I call them heroes. One of our great heroes had to wait for a doctor, they could go out -- if they had to wait more than one day, they go out and they get a doctor, we pay the bill.
And in the end, it was not only was it good for them, it was also even efficient because some of these people were dying. They'd wait for four, five, six, seven months. And we have great doctors in the VA, but the problem was the administration. and our guys did a fantastic job. We did another thing in the VA.
We got rid of all the sadists and the sickos, the whackos. You couldn't fire them because of civil service laws. And I got this all passed. We got this all passed in Congress. It was an amazing thing to get it passed in Congress. They were trying for 58 years for one and for 54 years for the other, and it worked out great.
And now, I understand that as of like yesterday, they're trying to get rid of -- they call it choice. We have a choice of going outside, getting a doctor. And I understand that they're trying to end that program. They don't like that program -- that this group of people that have no idea what they're doing don't like it.
So, they'll go back to waiting, but we'll get it back. We'll get it back so fast, your head will spin. They want to end it. They don't like it for some reason. I don't know why, but they don't like it. People were getting instant care, and it wasn't very expensive. When you take into the -- into the fact that -- and just take a look at this.
You have a guy, he gets sicker, sicker, sicker, sicker. Then he becomes terminally ill, and they have to take care -- in the end, I think it's probably cost-effective, but I don't even care about the cost in that case. We take care of our people. Who would want to wait months to get, in some cases, a simple pill or a simple shot? And it was a terrible thing, but we had a 92 percent approval rate, the highest ever.
The people that I had there did a fantastic job. We're going to bring it all back. We're going to bring it back fast. [Applause] And one other -- one other thing. I mean, isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't have to read these stupid teleprompters? Isn't it? [Applause] Yeah. Sort of interesting.
I haven't looked at them in the last 15 minutes. You know, it's like interesting but it's -- I just do what we have to do. But, you know, we did another program, Right to Try. It's the greatest thing. For 51 years, they've been trying to get it because we have the best doctors, the best lab technicians, the best labs, the best everything, and nobody could get it done.
We would have something that really looked good for a certain disease or problem. It really looked good, but they couldn't do anything because the FDA wouldn't be able to approve it for years. I got that number way down, by the way, but they wouldn't be able to approve it for years. And what would happen was terrible.
They -- they would go to Asia. They'd go to Europe. They'd go all over -- if they had money. Most of them didn't have money. They'd go home, and they'd die. They'd die. So, I said, "We got to do something about this." And they've been trying for 50 years. They couldn't get it done because the doctors didn't want it because of the liability.
The insurance company certainly didn't want it. The labs didn't want it. Nobody wanted it, but nobody -- everybody -- they knew it was good, but they didn't want it. I got everybody into a room and I said, "Listen, we're going to sign an agreement. There's not going to be any liability to anybody." If somebody's terminally ill, they're going to sign a document that they're not going to sue the insurance company.
They're not -- their family. They're not going to sue anybody. They're not going to sue the doctor, the lab. They're not going to sue anybody. "Everything's going to be fine, and we're going to try it and see how it works." It's been so successful. We have saved thousands and thousands of lives with this new -- with this new medicine.
It's a new age. It's a new -- I call it new-age medicine, but we've saved thousands of people. People don't write about it. It's called Right to Try. A lot of people know. I hope nobody needs it, to be honest with you. But, you know, it's been -- it's been so -- I've never read anything about it. They don't want to write about it, and if they don't, that's OK.
The fact is that thousands of people have been saved. Their lives have been saved, and many were terminal, and now they're actually OK. They're not even terminal. It's not like they have to even go. It literally cured -- and even the doctors now and the medical -- you know, the medical companies, the labs, they're really happy they did it because when you can cure somebody when they're that sick, it really shows it worked.
It sort of worked out the opposite. It really shows that it worked. So, Right to Try. It's been a great thing, and we're honored to have done it. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country, the savage Venezuelan prison gang. They form in the Venezuelan prison.
It's called Tren de Aragua -- that's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terror spree in our country. Let's take a look. Take a look at this.
That's what's happening. These are the people who we're letting in. And you remember when she was saying that they don't commit crimes like our people. Really? These are worse than anybody. We -- they make our criminals look like they're nice people. These are rough, horrible people. They cannot be allowed to stay in our country.
The United States is now an occupied country, in effect. But on November 5th, 2024, we will have a thing called liberation day. We're going to have liberation day. [Applause] In the last year alone, over 70,000 illegal aliens from China have crossed our border. You know about that. Many of them military-aged men, 70,000 in a year.
Seventy thousand, that's getting to be army territory. And that's the equivalent of over 14 brigades or five army divisions of Chinese illegals that have penetrated our country. Again, these are military-aged mostly men, almost all men. Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that nice? Under Border Czar Harris, she has no idea.
She -- the woman doesn't have a clue. Again, she's sleeping now while I'm working my ass off. [Applause] Under Border Czar Harris, there have been at least 2 million gotaways. That's gotaways. They come through, and nobody knows where the hell they're from. And that's -- by the way, nobody has any idea.
If they think it's 2 million, it's probably five times that amount. Two million gotaways from all over the world who charged the border and disappeared into the United States. They could be living right next to you in North Carolina, lovely house, little cabin right next to you. More than the entire active-duty force of the United States military.
This is the kind of numbers we're talking about, and they're rough. They're rough people. Who would have allowed this to happen? Who would have allowed this to happen? The only good thing coming from this crime against our country is if you happen to be the person that's running against the idiots that allowed it to take place.
That's me. I'm running against them. It's good to run against it, but I'd rather not be running against it, and I'd rather not have it happen. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. You have no idea. We have -- we have no choice.
It's not sustainable. I will rescue every town across America that's been invaded and conquered. They're conquering. They are conquering towns. And these foolish, these foolish, these stupid people back there, the media, they're not -- they're going to say, "Oh, he used the word conquer." He used -- you know the governor of Colorado, he's a radical-left Democrat.
He's petrified of -- he doesn't know what to do. And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in a jail or kick them the hell out of our country as fast as we can. [Applause] To expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Think of that, 1798.
You know why? That's when we had real politicians, real people -- real people that knew what to do, not these weak, woke, fools. So, I have to go back to 1798. Can you believe it? But it's a strong one. Think of it, Alien Enemies Act of 1798. They used it, too, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil to make our people safe.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. [Applause] And I am hereby calling for the death penalty. We have to do this. I'm calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or an enforcement -- law enforcement officer. [Applause]
You kill an American citizen or a law enforcement officer, you get the death penalty. And we'll get that approved, too, because Congress is going to approve it. They're feeling the way you are. I will end catch and release. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] I have to ask this man in the black. Are you the man that I met yesterday or not? [Audience member calls out "No, you haven't met me, but I love you, man!"]
That's a pretty -- you're just as good. Now, I met some great people yesterday. I saw the devastation. It was incredible. He just said, "No, you didn't meet me, but I love you, man." Thank you. That's cool. You're very cool. You're very cool. Thank you. [Audience member calls out "[Inaudible] loves you!"]
I will end -- thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. I will end all migrant flights. You know, they fly in by plane. They come in. You know, we only learned that like less than a year ago. They said, "We're going to start closing up the border a little bit." Well, all they have to do -- you know, all they have to do, she could walk into the White House, say, "Wake Biden up. I want him to sign something."
And all he has to do is say, "Close the border." He doesn't need a bill. The bill was so horrible. You know, he says, "Donald Trump called the Senate; he said don't pass it." It's wonderful. I wish I could do that. OK? Not that easy. But the truth is I had nothing to do with it, and I would be proud to do it because it was such a bad bill.
But he doesn't need a bill. I didn't have a bill. I closed the border. I had the safest border. You see it. I had the safest border in the history of our country. We now have the worst border in the history of the world -- maybe in the history of the world. And again, it's the No. 1 thing to campaign on.
I think the inflation is horrible, the economy, everything. We have a lot of bad things. The No. 1 -- you see those killers, those guys that have military-style weapons. People are saying, "Where the hell do people coming out of Venezuela, young thugs that are tough as hell, by the way, where do they get this equipment?" But I think it's the No.
1 thing. And we're going to have it fixed. You know, I fixed it in 2016. I fixed it. I made it -- I did it so good, I couldn't talk about it for the next election. My people said, "Sir, they don't want to hear about the border." I said, "What do you mean you don't I want to hear? I did such a great job. I fixed it. We had the best border."
But that border was five percent of what it is now. That border was bad. It was really bad, but it wasn't very tough for me to fix. That border was nothing compared to the mess you have now. We don't -- we don't have a border. And I built hundreds of miles of wall. I then -- I built much more than I said I was going to build.
Then we added 200, and they didn't want to put up the slats. And you know what they did? Many of them were sold for five cents on the dollar. It's just so sold. I will outlaw sanctuary cities immediately, and I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals. [Applause] We are running against the most radical, most incompetent, most unfit vice president running for president -- can you believe it -- in the history of our country.
She's totally unfit for office. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously, and something is clearly wrong with her. Something is wrong with her. Something's wrong with her, and something's wrong with this vice president. He is off. She can't put two sentences together. How about "60 Minutes"? Was that the greatest? You know, we're probably going to sue him just for the hell of it.
Listen -- listen, "60 Minutes," she interviews. She was so bad. She gave an answer -- this never happened to me. Why does it happen? She gave an answer that was so bad that they changed it. They took it out, threw it out. They didn't like edit it a little bit, take a word out. No, no, no. They took the entire -- it was a long, stupid -- she didn't know where the hell she was going. Does she drink? [Audience responds affirmatively]
Is she on drugs? I don't know. I don't know. I don't -- I have no idea. She writes "60 Minutes," you know, big "60 Minutes," CBS. You know, they have to be licensed by the federal government. They should take their license away. What they did, CBS -- and they're all bad. How about David Muir? How bad is he? How bad is he? [Audience boos] I said, "Crime is going up."
And he said, "No, it's not. It's going down." I said it's going up. He said, "Crime is going down. Next question." The next day, they released the numbers, crime is up 45 percent in our country. I don't watch him anymore. Pretty boy -- little pretty boy he is. So, they take -- think it. She gives this horrible answer.
They take every word of it, and they throw it away, and they insert another answer. That's called election interference, and it's called fraud. And they should have their -- and, you know, all the other guys back there are sticking up for them. You know why? Because they do the same thing, probably. They don't do it for me.
You know what they do with me? They make my answer worse. They write -- no, they take out -- like if I give -- because I -- I do the weave. You know the weave? I'll tell a story, and I'll go, from here, bing. It's actually genius, I have to say. Fair and smart people say it's total genius. But they say, "Oh, he wandered."
I didn't wander. Wander is when you don't get back to the same point. No, I give the weave. They don't do anything for me. What they do with me is I give a beautiful paragraph, and they'll take some of the primary sentences out. And that's terrible to do. But that you can sort of get away with. You know, I can't even understand it.
They want to make it a little shorter. They want a little more time. They don't pay anything for their license. They have a license that's worth billions of dollars. They don't pay anything. Neither does NBC fake news. And ABC fake news is really one of the worst, I will tell you, ABC. But this is CBS.
They don't pay for it. They use our airwaves. They don't pay anything. And then you hear that "60 Minutes," which is a news show. It's under their news division, so they're not allowed. This isn't an entertainment show. But they took the sentence -- not the sentence. They took a whole paragraph, big paragraph, just word after word.
When you -- that was like the 32 that I listened to, you know, 32, 32, with a teleprompter where she basically choked and froze like a dog. But that was like the 32. They took it out, and they inserted a new answer that was more rational. Wasn't great, but it was -- at least you don't say, "What's wrong with this person?" Where did you ever hear them doing that? That's called election -- this is an election.
We're in the middle of an election. She gave a horrible answer on a news show that pays nothing for the airwaves that are worth billions of dollars. And the other networks stick up because they don't want it to happen to them either. They don't want to see a bidding contest for who's going to do the news.
But there has to be some kind of justice in this country. You can't take her answer out, insert a new answer, and say -- this is called major election interference fraud. So, we'll see what happens. I actually think it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. I really believe that. I think it's the biggest scandal.
Nobody's seen anything like it. And people are furious about it, and they all come out with some answer. "Well, we did this because of that and that." No. They took the answer out. They put a new answer in. There's nothing -- there's no justification. So, we're probably going to take them to court. Should I take them to court? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK.
So, we've asked them. We sent them a letter yesterday. We've asked for the entire transcript. And we want to see, did they do it in -- in other places, too? And we'll see what happens. But good. So, I have your permission, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] Who would think -- who would think of these things? I mean, who would think? And it was a mistake.
They made a mistake. That's how everybody found them. They made a mistake. They put out the original answer. Somehow, somebody saw the original answer and said, "That's not the answer she gave." And when they went back, they feel it was -- you know, they found out it was a fraud. It was a fraud on the American public, and they should pay a big price for it.
And if they do pay a big price, it won't happen anymore. She's an international joke, and she's going to end up getting us into World War III, and Kamala is in free fall. She's in free fall with Arab and Muslim voters. Now, in Michigan, did you notice that my poll numbers are very good with the Arab voters? Did you see that? My poll numbers are very good.
I appreciate it. You know why -- you know why they are? Because I want peace in the Middle East. I want peace. So, I did the Abraham Accords. I want peace in the Middle East. It's very simple. It's not -- I want to see peace in the Middle East. But my poll numbers in Michigan are very good. They were supposed to -- I was supposed to be zero.
She was supposed to be 100. Now, I'm beating her because they see how bad she is. But they don't like or respect her. She's sent their overseas -- I mean, you take a look. She's sent their jobs overseas. She's brought in crime to the cities. She's taken in all of this tremendous fire. She's OK with it -- that took place in the Middle East.
But you ask yourself, "Why would Muslim support Lyin' Kamala Harris when she embraces Muslim-hating? And very dumb person, Liz Cheney, a dumb person, who, by the way, lost for Congress in the biggest margin in the history politics. She lost by almost 40 points. The reason she has that honor is that most people -- most people wouldn't have stayed in.
A congressperson that's in that position normally retires before the election, which would have been a good idea for her to do. But Liz Cheney is a total loser. But her father brought years of war and death to the Middle East. He killed many Arabs, many, many Arabs and Muslims. And now, Lyin' Kamala has embraced Liz Cheney.
She embraced her. And why would -- why would a Muslim or why would an Arab want to vote for somebody that has Liz Cheney as her hero? Liz Cheney is a failed -- totally failed politician. Again, she set the worst record. I think it's a terrible mistake that she's made. I think it's a great insult to Muslims all over the world.
And I think that she's going to do very bad in Michigan. I really do. I think she's going to do very badly. To do that was a bad thing, and I was very surprised to see it. But in one way, I was happy because you have to understand, I'm competing against her. I'm competing against this stupid person. I think we are winning by a lot.
I have a feeling we're winning by a lot. [Applause] But this person cannot be president. By the way, is there any place better to be than a Trump rally? [Applause] And don't get used to this because it's only going to go on for another two weeks. Isn't that [Inaudible]? It's only going to go on -- in four years, you'll be having rallies of 100 people, 200 people.
Mr. Wall will be doing other things. Front Row Joes are going to be doing -- oh, these guys are boring as hell. We got two -- we got two more weeks together with our big -- you know, we had 101,000 people in Butler. Think of that. We had 107,000 people in New Jersey. We're making a move for New Jersey, too. [Applause]
And two weeks ago in California, we had 109,000 people. So, don't get too used to this. What are you going to do, Mr. Wall, when you come to a rally and there's 150 people? What are you going to do? [Audience member calls out "[Inaudible] four years [Inaudible] JD Vance."]
Oh. You like -- right? That's very good. That's good. Good man, I'll tell you that. When the people of North Carolina were stranded and drowning in Hurricane Helene, Kamala Harris was at a, let's see, fundraiser in the city that she destroyed, San Francisco. [Audience boos] She spent last four years -- the last four years taking your money to provide shelter and benefits to illegal aliens.
But when North Carolina needed help, Kamala Harris was nowhere to be found. You know, they spent your money. You know, they're going to probably have to call an emergency meeting, a special session of Congress, because the illegal migrants, many of them killers, many of them drug dealers, many of them released from prison, have taken the money that they were supposed to spend in North Carolina and Georgia and Alabama and Tennessee and Florida and South Carolina.
The money was supposed to be spent in those states, and they don't have the money now. They don't have the money because they've spent hundreds. Think of it. Hundreds of millions of dollars they've spent flying migrants into states all over the country and letting them -- letting them go through your porous wall.
Kamala Harris does not have the compassion, the smarts, or the strength to be president of the United States. She can't do the job. She's not mentally or physically able to do the job. And on top of all of it, she said she would not do anything differently. She would not do anything differently, she said, than Crooked Joe Biden, which is disqualifying.
When you see this tape, you're going to say she's disqualified. He's the worst president. Eighty-five percent wrong direction. What would you do differently? "Well, I can't think of anything now." Let's take a look.
So, North Carolina, if you want to end this disaster, you must go out -- just go out and vote. We got to win this. We got to get this thing. We're pleased to be joined tonight by some really great people, and one of them I'm very proud of. He's done a great job as your senator, Ted Budd. Where is Ted? [Applause] Ted -- thank you, Ted.
You're doing a great job. He's doing a great job. Proud of you, Ted. Really good. Congresswoman Virginia Foxx, a warrior. [Applause] Thank you, Virginia. Thank you. Congressman Dan Bishop. [Applause] Thank Thank you, Dan. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. A man who's been really fantastic -- all I know is they had more people show up in the last four days than in 2016 or 2020.
And many of these people lost their homes. They lost everything. And we had more people. We set a record. Can you believe that? That shows enthusiasm. That shows -- North Carolina GOP Chair Jason Simmons. [Applause] Thank you, Jason. Great job. How are we doing, Jason? We're going to win the state big, I hope? Three times in a row, right? Jason's great.
A great friend of mine, and really a friend of my boy, Don, Addison McDowell. He's going to do a fantastic job. [Applause] Thank you, Addison. Oh, you're looking better and better. Look at you. Looks like a real congressman. He's going to be fantastic. Somebody that I've got a lot of respect for. I have for a long time.
From the day I met him, I respected him. He was a very successful businessman. He was a great senator. He -- he's a very special guy. David Perdue. David. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, David. Thanks. One of the biggest and best developers around, a man who's made a lot of money, and he's very generous, including with North Carolina.
He writes a check for everything. He's just a -- a great person, a very generous man. Steve Witkoff. Steve, thank you -- thank you for the help. [Applause] Thank you. And Peter Navarro. I hope you heard from him. This guy -- this guy is great. [Applause] They say threat to democracy; they're a threat to democracy.
Nobody would have done what they did to him. Nobody would have done what they did to Peter Navarro. He fought for our country so hard, I was witness to it for four years. That guy fought harder than anybody I know, and then they did what they did to him. They're a bunch of bad people. They weaponized -- they weaponized the Justice Department.
They weaponized the FBI. And I've had more investigations than any human being, including Alphonse Capone, the meanest -- Scarface. I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone. They even raided my house, little place on the beach called Mar-a-Lago. No, but think of it. They raided my house. Can you -- this is the -- the scum that we have to deal with.
This is the scum. What they did to him and other of our friends and friends of the people in this room, it's a disgrace. And, Peter, you're going to go down as a hero. You watch. You watch. Thank you. [Applause] And we also have former Democrat congresswoman and 2020 Democratic presidential candidate, a woman that everybody loves.
I watched her years ago where she -- she just had so much common sense. You know, we're the party of common sense. I like to say it because it's true. Like we don't want men playing in women's sports. We want to have borders. We want to have fair elections. You know, little things like that. Common sense, right? But she's here tonight, and I'm going to just ask her to come up and say a couple of words. Tulsi Gabbard. [Applause] Boy, are you popular.
Wow. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. Thank you very much. Tulsi, that's great. Wow. That was a surprise. That was really -- she's been independent for a long time. It's a great thing, a great honor. Thank you very much, Tulsi. And what a beautiful speech she made, right? Wasn't that beautiful? You know, I'd like to also honor somebody who really has gone through a lot, and I hope he's going to really be helping us a lot.
He's got some tremendous ideas and -- for making us healthy and well. And that's RFK Jr. He's a very special guy. And I just want to -- I want to thank him because he sort of came in at the same time as Tulsi, and he's got some incredible thing on your health, on women's health, and all of the different elements.
I may have to fight him a little bit on the environment because we have to -- we have to run this country so well, but that's OK. But he's really an outstanding guy, and it was not an easy decision for him, certainly. But RFK Jr., thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. So, here are the facts on Kamala, just in wrapping it up.
Oh, you thought he was here? No, he wasn't. I was wondering. I said -- no. He is here with -- in spirit, I could guarantee you he's here. I'll bring him to the next one, but you won't be. He's -- no, he's great. He's got some really incredible ideas, and he's so committed. It's incredible. So, thank you very much to Bobby.
But here are the facts on Kamala Harris. She's a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. And anybody who wants to defund the police, even for a day or a week, is not worthy of being president of the United States.
Can't be. [Applause] Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. ICE is -- these are great, powerful people, strong people, because that's their job. They have to get some of the worst gang members and drug dealers and everything else out of our country. I know a lot of great, tough people right here, but they don't want that job.
But she wants to get rid of them. She wants to take them out. We're not taking them out. We're going to make them bigger and stronger because we have a lot of work to do in cleaning up our country and making our country safe. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking as California attorney general. You know this.
As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as a totally nonviolent crime. Think of that. And she pledged -- no, she's a -- she's so far left, she pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership.
You know, as soon as that -- [Audience boos] You know that as soon as that comes up, she'll be doing -- she will literally, guaranteed, confiscate your guns. And she even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expense. And as you know, we had a little trip to McDonald's a couple of days ago. [Applause]
And she lied about working at McDonald's. It was a part of her story. I worked over the French fry, so I decided to see what it was like. And those French fries were good. They were great. They were right out of the -- they were right out of whatever the hell they may come out of, but they were great.
No, but think of it. And the press refuses to acknowledge it. They refuse to cover it. They have tried -- McDonald's denies it. And she never worked there. She never worked there. They went -- everybody. Some people went and really did spend a lot of time on it. No. She lied, and she's a liar. And on top of all of this, Kamala turned our military as woke as it can be, which is not woke because they are great.
What they did for me with ISIS was -- these are not woke people. But take a look.
Thank you. You got to remember, we won two World Wars. We won a lot of things. Well, most recently, we did defeat ISIS, and they said that couldn't be done. It was going to take five years. It took four weeks. We have a great military, and they're not woke. Some of the stupid people up top are woke, but they're not woke.
You couldn't make them woke if you tried. You couldn't make them. You could put them in what's called a woke cage for two years, and they'd come out fighting, believe me. So, in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala Harris, and we are going to save America. [Applause] With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina.
They're coming back. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American again. I will end the war in Ukraine very quickly. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from happening. We're so close. The biggest risk is this number of months before January 20th.
We will crush the violent crime that's plaguing our cities and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. They will stop the crime. We will strengthen and modernize our military. You know, we rebuilt the entire military. Then they gave a lot of military -- a lot of our military was given to Afghanistan.
Isn't that nice? Think of that. How about that? Was that -- that was the most embarrassing moment in the history. Thirteen dead soldiers, many, many, horrifically wounded with arms and legs obliterated. They gave billions of dollars of equipment. They didn't take Bagram, the air base. They should have kept Bagram.
It's an hour away from where China makes its nuclear missiles. Isn't that nice? They didn't take it. And we left people behind. We left Americans behind. They moved the military out first. A child -- you know, I had -- in one of the rallies, and I had this little five- or six-year-old boy in the front row, and I called him up to the stage.
His mother was horrified. You know, I understand. But he was up here, little kid. And I said -- I gave him the facts, and in about two minutes, I said, "Would you move the military out first or last?" "I'd move the military out last, sir." These stupid people moved the military out first. And then -- and, you know, I didn't lose one soldier.
In 18 months, I had a talk with Abdul, who was the head of the Taliban. Abdul, still there. He's still the head. And we had a talk because they were killing a lot of our soldiers with sniper fire and other things. And a lot of them -- a lot of them with Obama and Biden, but basically Obama. I don't think Biden knew where the hell he was then either.
So, they were killing our soldiers. And I told them -- I don't have to get into the conversation. For 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier. Then we had a tragic election. Tragic. Think of our country. We wouldn't have had inflation, least importantly. We wouldn't have had inflation, but we wouldn't have had Russia going into Ukraine.
Zero chance, zero. Wouldn't have ever happened. And it didn't happen for four years. Even the Democrats, most of them agreed, the honest ones, which there aren't too many of them. But even they say it wouldn't have happened. And October 7th with Israel would have never happened. They wouldn't have killed all those people.
Those people were killed. And the hostages -- now, they're waiting for the hostages. There won't be many hostages. They're not going to be a lot of hostages. Those people are probably long gone, so many of them. I have been saying that for a long time. That's part of the problem. The other side doesn't know what to do because they don't have the hostages.
It's a very sad situation. That would have never happened. All these things would have never happened. Think of the difference in the world. Viktor Orban, the head of Hungary, prime minister of Hungary, very powerful guy, he said -- they asked him. They said to him, "What's going on in the world?" It's blowing up in the Middle East.
It's blowing up with Russia, Ukraine. What's going on? You didn't have any of this stuff when Trump was here. What is going on? He said, "The problem is you don't have Trump. You put Trump back, it's all going to be better. They would have never done this with Trump as president." It's interesting. Right? Peter knows.
Right, Peter? We will build a missile defense shield all around our country. We're going to be safe. We're going to be -- made in the USA. It's going to be made in North Carolina, partially. We will land an American astronaut on Mars, and we'll call Elon. Let's get going. We want to do that. But we really want to -- and as part of that, we have -- we were in big trouble in space.
China was lapping us, and Russia was lapping us, and I created Space Force. And now, we're lapping the whole world with Space Force. They've done a great job. Part of that whole thing is about military and military protection. It's going to be very important. It's going to be one of the really best decisions we ever made, doing Space Force.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. [Applause] And we're going to go to Congress and ask very strongly because that little riot that they had three months ago, they were burning American flags all over the place.
We're going to ask Congress to -- they say it's unconstitutional. I disagree. -- to give a one year prison sentence for anybody burning the American flag. [Applause] Early on. That's right. That's very nice. Very good. You came prepared. Look at you. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. [Applause] After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country and defend our borders and protect our citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all, and it will be stopped. And again, we're going to let people into our country, but they're going to come into our country legally. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation. Once again, everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left lunatic agenda. And we have to have a landslide of an election that's too big to rig. We have to get out. You got to get out. Early voting is underway, so get everyone you know. Get your friends, get your family, get Alice to get her husband, who just will not get off that couch.
Come on, Jack. Let's go, Jack. You got to do it, Jack. You could do it. Turn off the television just for an hour. We'll be right back, Jack. Turn off that football game. It doesn't really mean anything, Jack, especially with the new kickoff return. Did you ever see anything so stupid in your life? They always wanted -- they have to ruin things that work.
Isn't that the most ridiculous thing you've ever seen? After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help, now until election day, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and we will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never, ever, ever, ever surrender. [Applause] Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
And together, we will make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America healthy again. Come on, Bobby. Bobby is going to do it. Bobby -- let's go, Bobby. You're going to make us healthy, Bobby. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. [Applause]
Well, thank you very much, everybody. It's an honor. This is an honor. And I want to thank the people behind me because they have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions, I have to say. And they're very special, very special people, very special. And congratulations to Paul. He gave a speech last week which was incredible.
I mean, they endorsed me, so I have to think it was incredible. So, thank you all very much. Thank you. It's a great group of people they love our country. Before we begin, I want to address the unconstitutional decision issued today by a radical judge appointed by Biden. And it just came down in Virginia illegally allowing noncitizens to vote in our elections.
In fact, a poll came out, 87 percent of the people disagree. So, that's pretty, pretty good amount. Isn't it, Ted? The outrageous decision goes against the very bedrock of our democracy, and thankfully, Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin, who's doing a terrific job, is working hard to fix this problem.
They found thousands of illegal votes. And the judge said you didn't do it in a timely fashion. They did it a long time ago. As legal scholar, Andy McCarthy, just said and very correctly, "How can noncitizens be allowed on the voter rolls if they're voting? It's a federal crime." Constitutional law professor, Jonathan Turley -- two great guys, by the way, also notes that it is a crime to be a noncitizen voter.
Removing illegal voters off the voting rolls should be a big priority for this country. And yet, instead we're -- we're scorned by a judge. This is blatantly un-American, and it's election interference, and Kamala Harris is behind it very much. And so, I just wanted to bring that to your attention. And obviously, I mean, it's up to the governor of Virginia, Glenn Youngkin, but I assume they're going to be appealing it.
I think he's going to. And they feel very strongly about it. So, we'll see how it goes. But you have to get the confidence going for elections when you have decisions coming down like that where they -- where they allow people to vote that blatantly aren't qualified to vote. It's pretty, pretty sad for our country.
We have enough problems with the elections. It's about confidence. We're here today in the great state of Texas, which is -- I like it, I like it, which, under Kamala Harris, has been turned into ground zero for the largest border invasion in the history of the world. You're lucky you have your governor and people like Ted and Dan and all of the people, Sid.
Even John, who's from a different state, but he feels the same way or you would really have problems. But you've done an amazing job under the circumstances, but the federal government is supposed to be doing that job. And it should be easy. And it's -- it's not because of the people. But over the past four years, this state has become Kamala's staging ground to import her army of migrant gangs and illegal alien criminals into every state in America.
And every state is a border state, you've heard that, it's true, paving a trail of bloodshed suffering and death all across our land. And it's only getting worse. It's just incredible. When you look at the numbers, 21 million people at least during this three and a half year period. And many of them, as you know, are murderers drug dealers, people from jails.
They're -- they're letting their people out of jails and bringing them right into our -- we're like a dumping ground. What Kamala Harris has done on our border is cruel, it's vile, and it's absolutely heartless. Her policy of importing migrant gangs is a crime against our country. It's actually a crime against humanity.
And her abolition of our border should disqualify her for even running. I mean, I don't know how you can run for the president of the United States and allow people to pour into our country. And we're talking about seriously criminal people, many of these people. And they come from all over the world.
It's not just South America. They're coming in from Africa, they're coming in from the Middle East. The Congo, that's a hot place right now. A lot of lot of people coming in from prisons in the Congo, they're coming into our country. It's -- it's not even believable actually when you think -- you know, you're standing up here and you're saying this stuff, John, John Barrasso, but you're -- you're saying this and you say to yourself, you know, "Is it even believable?" It's sort of like actually in a smaller way, but still very important.
Men playing in women's sports, who would want that? [Audience boos] But, you know, 10 years ago -- 10 years ago, you would never say that. And then, you have the transgender operations all over the place. And you're saying this, and you have parental guidance. And we want our child to be parentally guided, and you have to make apologies for the fact that they're not, but they're going to be.
And we're going to bring that back. [Audience responds affirmatively] We want our parents -- we want our parents. But, you know, if you go back 10 years or 15 years ago, if you ever made a speech like that, they'd say, "This guy's crazy. What is he talking about? Those things would never happen." And they didn't happen until a certain time ago with the radical left.
No person who is responsible for so much bloodshed on our own soil can ever be allowed to become president of the United States. And I think she's coming here today. She doesn't want to go to a swing state because she's losing so badly in those states. So, she decided to come to Texas. And I'm sure she'll be treated very nicely.
Today, she picked the wrong place. I think she picked the wrong place. What do I know about politics? I haven't done it that long actually. But today, Kamala is here in Texas to rub shoulders with woke celebrities. Isn't that exciting? [Audience boos] But she's not going to meet with any of the victims of migrant crime while she's here.
We have many of them right here, the families, we have many of them. And they're incredible people, what they've gone through the hell that they've gone through and will continue to go through, unfortunately. She will not speak to the grieving mothers from whom she has stolen the brightest light in their lives.
She was in charge of this border, and she doesn't like being called border czar anymore. She didn't mind it almost four years ago. But now, she doesn't like it. But you don't need that term. She was in charge of the border. She never came here. And she never made one call to these people behind me or anybody in the group.
Not one call. She's in charge. She deals with border patrol. She hasn't made, Paul, not even -- not one call in four years. So, we're joined today by a Texas mom, Alexis Nungaray, from Houston, a great woman. This past June -- thank you. Great. Where is Alexis? Where is she? Come up here, Alexis. Come up here.
So, this past -- this past June, Alexis' 12-year-old daughter, her precious angel, as you say, Jocelyn. We all called her that. We feel we know Jocelyn. And she's had a big impact, Alexis, you know that, right? She's had a big impact. Walked to a nearby convenience store, Jocelyn was kidnaped, tied up, assaulted, and I'm not going any further than that.
I'm standing with the mother, and horrible things happened to her, to that young beautiful -- that young, beautiful girl. And the animals arrested for Jocelyn's barbaric murder are two illegal aliens believed to be members of the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua. And they're all over the place now.
They're all over our country. They were in Aurora, but Aurora is now the least of it. They've taken over buildings in Aurora. The government, a radical left Democrat weak person, doesn't know quite what to do. He's always got a big mouth when he talks about other things, but he has no idea what to do.
And they have weapons of military grade. You say, "How did they get those weapons?" These monsters were in Border Patrol custody. But under a program Kamala Harris created to abolish detention for fighting aged men, whatever that means, and give them free and automatic entry into the United States, the killers were released into our country.
And, Alexis, we cannot begin to imagine your pain. And if you'd like to say a few words, would you like to -- would you -- Thank you. Thank you.
So, I want to thank you, Alexis. And we will never forget Jocelyn, we're not going to -- we've all seen her pictures. It's blazed into our minds and the violence and viciousness and nobody calls, nobody talks. And we have many others like that. The 13 soldiers that were killed so horribly in Afghanistan, nobody called them, nobody calls them.
But certain people they call, but they don't call them. They weren't called. They weren't treated properly. They were treated very badly, actually. And many others, including some of the people in this room, nobody calls. I don't know, just from a human standpoint, I call. It's like -- you can't do much because it's done.
We could have done much if we were running things, Ted. We would have had strong borders. We would have had all the things. At least, they would have had a real good chance of not having been caught up in this crime wave that's happening. It's a crime wave. The number of people coming in, we have no idea what the number is.
I say 21 million. A lot of people think it's more than that. And then, you start talking about the gotaways. I think the gotaways could be then double that. Who knows what it is? Running into the country, we have no idea that we come from parts -- I call them from parts unknown. As of two weeks ago, Tom Homan told me it was 181 countries were represented in people pouring in.
So, it's no longer just a small group of people from the three or four countries that we're accustomed to talking about. In an interview last week, Kamala Harris was asked directly if she would apologize to Alexis for letting in the savage killer that took Jocelyn's life, and Kamala Harris refused to take any responsibility whatsoever.
She refused to own up to the fact that open borders -- open borders -- and totally unchecked. It's not even open borders. Open borders are horrible. And how stupid are they? How stupid? We're the only country in the world that has this. But they don't even check them. They don't vet them. They don't know who they are.
They don't know where they're going. They just come in. And then, they fly them over. You know, when the border got a little bit tougher because people were getting angry and just -- we had citizens standing at the border wanting to do -- and then, they get in trouble because they want to do the job the federal government is supposed to be doing.
But she refused to own up to it. And last night, she said she wants to make strong borders. I mean, what she did last night and the night before the town hall with Cooper was just unbelievable. Allison Cooper got so angry. But think of it, think of it. Never an apology, never a phone call to anybody, to anybody.
So, thank you very much, Alexis. We're going to get this thing straightened out. We're going to get it straightened out. We got to get it straightened out. Just from the standpoint of a heart, no calls, no nothing. Worst of all, Kamala refuses to stop importing these killers into our country. Every day, she brings in more.
She's got no remorse at all for the innocent blood that's on her hands, and the blood is on her hands. And Biden, too. But Biden doesn't know where the hell he is, so what's the difference? I just saw him. He's making a speech somewhere, and he -- he screwed it up pretty badly. But he's got his glasses, the whole deal, you know, standing outside, wind blowing.
He doesn't look great for us. He doesn't look -- that's not what we want. That's not what we want. President Xi used to look at him and still does, I guess, right? But he used to just -- oh, he just said, "Oh, this is so -- this makes me so happy," he says. And Putin and the whole group, Kim Jong Un, they're tough guys out there.
They're tough, and they're smart, and they're streetwise, and they're -- they're at the top of their game. And we don't have that. That's very nice. Thank you. What a good line. That -- she said, "That's why we have you." Thank you very much. Wow. Do you know that woman? You know that woman? That's very good.
Thank you. That's very nice. Thank you very much. Two days ago, she said she could not think of any mistakes that she's made. She was asked a question. "Can you think of anything that you would do different? Can you think of any mistakes that you've made?" Now, actually, she couldn't think of it. Not -- it's about as good.
She could say, "I would have strengthened the border. I would have lowered taxes. I would have --" there are about 500 answers she could give, and you're out of that question, right? She couldn't think of a thing. You know the worst of all really is 325,000 young children are possibly dead, but many of them are dead.
But they're sex slaves, slaves, or, at a minimum, they're missing. They'll never see their parents again, most likely. We'll do everything we can when we come back. I don't know. It's very far down the line. We're going to do everything we can to get them. But -- but think of what that number represents, Dan, 325,000.
And the fake news media doesn't even talk about it? If that were a Republican on stead, it would be the biggest scandal in history. It would be the equivalent of nothing else, and they don't even talk about it. They cannot talk -- 325,000 for you, people, are missing. Think of that, are missing. And probably will never be seen again, most of them.
But we're going to do the best we can. It's a tough assignment. But most of them, they're probably dead. Under border czar Harris, there are 13,099 illegal aliens convicted of murder that were released from jails and prisons and penitentiaries -- penitentiaries. And they were set loose into the United States of America.
We're like a garbage can. We're like a garbage can. First time I said it was last night, gave a speech in Las Vegas, 29,000 people. It was an arena. We set the arena record. That was a big deal arena to -- we set the record, but it was an amazing crowd. The first time I ever said it, I said it, I don't know, it just came out, garbage can.
We're like a garbage can for the rest of the world to dump the people that they don't want. Do you know what they save on that? Their mental institutions are being emptied out, their jails and prisons are being emptied out. And their gangs and their drug dealers and everybody's being taken off the streets.
And Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent. Can you believe it? Well, that's because they don't -- you know, the criminals are being put here. If we don't win this election, we're going to go to Venezuela next year, Ted, and we're going to celebrate there because it's going to be much safer than our country, OK? Is that a deal? We'll all go together.
No, it's just so bad. Well, I have to tell you. I'm not supposed to say it, but we are winning by a lot, actually. [Audience chants "Fight"] And the reason is we want them to keep voting because we have to go -- you know, these used to take one day. Now, they go on forever. And bad things happen, lots of bad things happen.
Where are those votes that I saw two days ago? "Oh, well, we're painting that section, and we decided to move them, sir." Oh, you can't believe it. So, they said don't say it. So, I didn't say it. Don't tell anyone I said that, but we're doing well. We're doing well in all seven states. Every one of those swing states, we're doing well.
And we're doing really well here. But we expect that. We expect that. But in another atrocity, Kamala released an unvetted MS-13 gang members from El Salvador into the United States. She's a real beauty. MS-13, that's another gang. They use knives. They like knives because it's more painful. They cut people up.
They killed two young students walking to school, two beautiful young women, young girls, and they were walking to school. And they got them walking to school, and they knifed them up and cut them up, didn't want to use guns because that's not painful. And, you know, who got rid of them? ICE, their friends from ICE.
They work so well together. And Kamala wants ICE's -- you know what, ICE is tough people that love our country. They have to be tough because they know a lot of tough people right up here. You don't want to do what they do. They got to be tough. And they've done a great job. But they got -- they did a very good job here.
But the animal that went on to attack and tie up a 20-year-old autistic woman in Maryland before, raping her and strangling -- then strangled her to death very violently in front of numerous people. And actually, put it on tape, put it on tape, these are the people we're bringing into our country. In New York, this past summer, an illegal alien released into our custody and came into our country by Kamala.
You know, I never used the word Harris, because nobody knows who I'm talking about. When I say Harris, they say, "Who the hell is Harris?" It's true. If I said VP Harris, nobody knows who it is. Can you believe she's a VP? VP -- a VP -- how about the guy she's got? That's what -- I'm not sure, he might be worse than her.
Well, she lived by the old adage, always get yourself a bad VP, and she's got one. We were -- we were very happy when we heard that choice. But we didn't know he was as bad as he -- he's -- he's a disaster. But Kamala approached two 13-year-old children with -- think of this. These people that she let in with machetes knives, guns in broad daylight, forced them into the woods, tied them up together, their wrists, everything, raped the young girl, park, filmed the entire thing, put it on camera, put it out for everybody to see.
Badly injured, this person and somebody with her, too, really badly. In Georgia this year, and you know this, everybody knows this except Biden, he didn't know how to pronounce her name after pressure because he didn't talk about it either, Alexis. He refused to talk about it. Then, he was actually forced to because it got so crazy.
But in Georgia this year, an illegal alien criminal with ties to Tren de Aragua kidnaped, assaulted, and murdered a brilliant young nursing student, Laken Riley. You remember? Laken Riley, who was a beautiful -- I got to meet the parents a couple of times. They're incredible, but they're like devastated.
You know, you can't really -- you can't really say, "Oh, well, everything will be --" it's not going to be OK, it's not good. It's just -- you can't really -- there's nothing you can say really. A lot of times they say -- like to Alexis, what can I say? The only thing we can do is do something about it so it doesn't happen again, you know.
But she murdered her while she was out on a run. She wanted to keep herself in good shape, and they got her. Her killer was yet another monster released into America through this open border policy of Kamala and her group of radical left idiots. Under the Trump administration, we will end this migrant invasion and we will deport every last criminal alien targeting our daughters and our children and our families, other people's families.
They're going to be gone. They're going to be gone fast. Some -- some are so violent. You know, we can't let them go. We can't -- we can't send them in because they'll come back. But we have some pretty strong policies that we're putting into place immediately on January 20th. We're honored to be joined by many of the incredible Border Patrol agents and law enforcement heroes who will help us restore safety to America.
And I'd like to invite a very special person. He made such a good speech last night. They endorsed me. And this gentleman made a very good speech. I said, you know, I'm going to have to go back and start practicing. Ted, you and I are going to have to practice a little bit. But Paul Perez just assumed the big power position from -- from Brandon who was a fantastic guy.
He's still involved in so many ways, but they endorsed me. Something they're not really even supposed to do. I won't get into that. But they love the country. And in endorsing, they said very bad things about her. They don't want to say bad things either, they want to say great things, even me. I didn't know I was going to do this.
We had a very good first election. We had a much better second election. We got close to 12 million votes more than we did the first time, the highest number in history. And, OK. And then, I saw what was happening with the country. It was so bad and so incompetent. It didn't take long. I would have preferred that the country was really well run, John.
I would have preferred it if the country was really -- if Biden got in there and he was a great president, I would have actually preferred it. And right now, I'd be on a beach or a golf course or something. I'd be doing something else. But I'd rather be in Texas with you, I can tell you that. I'd rather be in Texas with you because we're going to make our country great again, and we're going to do it.
And if I could ask Paul just to come up and say a few words. And I appreciate very much the endorsement, Paul. Thank you very much. Please.
Thank you very much. Paul, thank you very much. Boy, that's -- you can't say it better, you can't say it better. And they really know the subject. If they thought somebody was slightly better, that's what they want. They just want it fixed. And their job is a lot easier just to let everybody pour through.
It's a tough job when you do it right, but that's what they want. They love the country. This is just a great group. I've gotten to know them so well over the years. I did call them a lot and we had the safest border. We put down my all-time favorite chart. Without that chart, I wouldn't be standing here, Dan. [Audience responds affirmatively]
But that chart basically showed we had the lowest -- and it was done by Border Patrol. We had the lowest number of illegal migrants. We had the lowest number of drugs in many years. And all of the different categories, we're No. 1 the day I left. And I said we're going to have to come back. We're going to have to do it.
And we'll do it even better because we really have experience now that we didn't have then. I want to thank the Guillen family. The Guillen family is here. They are incredible, incredible, brave, and beautiful family. They lost -- they lost their daughter and sister, and she's up in heaven looking down, very proud of you, and very proud of the stance that you took a very vicious group of people -- just liars, you know, and a magazine, that's a failing magazine, run by a guy named Goldberg came out with a story, bad story about me that I had told them I was going to do something and all this.
And they were so incensed that they said we can't let them say that about what took place with the daughter. I -- I was going to help them. If they didn't get the military funding, I was going to fund it myself. I told them that. But they were able to get the funding. And I guess they came out with a story that, what's it called, The Atlantic magazine, The Atlantic.
This is a really bad -- they were the ones that made up the story about me saying bad things about this, about the soldiers. The beautiful thing is that these people were willing to come out and say it didn't happen that way. This man was -- I had them into the White House, and they were all -- they didn't have to do this.
They could have sat back. And your daughter is so proud of you. I'm telling you. They didn't have to do that. I didn't -- you know, I have these people saying all this bad stuff. Then, all of a sudden the family that they're talking about comes out of nowhere and says, "President Trump was perfect. What he did was so great. He got us the money."
And I did say, "If we couldn't get you the money for the funeral, I was going to pay it." "But he got us the money, and it happened so quickly and nice." And they came out, and they said that. Who would do that? A lot of people wouldn't do that. They'd sit back, and they'd say, "Well, he was a nice guy, but we don't want to get involved or something."
We love you. Thank you very much. We love you. And it was phony stories by a general that got fired, and he's a whack job, total whack job, a general. It's funny when you fire people -- see, Biden has never fired anybody. But when you fire people for doing a bad job, they get a little bit angry. Somehow, it just seems to work.
But he was a nut job to start off with. So, it's just -- it's such a beautiful story. I don't know where we get a call saying that problem's solved. Why? Because the family came through. and they said that the magazine totally lied and misrepresented -- this was the same magazine that said that I said about dead soldiers, that there was something -- what was it, suckers and losers.
Think of it. I'm supposed to be standing there over the graves of soldiers with people around me, military people or whatever, making a statement like that. Can -- no, I mean, can you imagine? Can you imagine anybody doing it? I think I'd end up -- I may be the president, but I think somebody would start a fistfight.
And probably, I would say, "You were right. Who would do this?" You'd -- they make up stories. It's not even -- it's not even like they have sources. They don't have sources. They're storytellers. They say what would be bad. I have a bad one. And you know when it's always released? Same time with the last one.
It's released just before the election that suckers and losers story, which was totally fabricated. There's nobody that loves the military -- and these were World War I heroes. They died in World War I. And I'm saying, "They were suckers." I mean, you'd know me. "They were suckers and losers." Can you imagine it? And the problem I have, Ted, is that five, 10, 20 percent of people, when they read that, they're going to believe it.
So, I talk about it because it was a terrible thing. You know, I walked past -- I remember we were doing a big event, and I was going back to Air Force One. And they were under the wing, these -- these fake news people, they're so bad. There's a lot of them back there, by the way. We got a lot of them honoring that special person, right? We got a lot of fake news.
But I remember, I'm walking past, and I hear the people shouting and everything. And I heard this one voice, loud, boisterous, horrible voice say, "Did you call the dead soldiers from World War I suckers and losers?" I said, "I didn't --" you know, to myself, I said, "Man, that's a bad one." Because it's what this sleazebag reporter, Goldberg, against women.
And a percentage of people have to believe it, so all I can do is talk about it. But as soon as I heard that statement, I said, "Man, that's bad." Because to me that's so bad. And that's what they do. These are evil people. They're a threat to democracy. And you know, we are not a threat. The threat to democracy is the other side.
They've weaponized the courts. They've weaponized the FBI to go after people. They go after parents, they're going after Catholics. I don't know what's with Catholics lately. But if you're Catholic, you're being persecuted. Anybody that votes as a Catholic for this -- this horrible candidate that can't put two sentences together -- she can't speak.
She can't put two sentences together. She's -- can you imagine her standing with President Xi of China? I don't think so, Ken. I don't think -- he would be a very happy man. But hopefully, that won't happen. And based on the first four days, it's not going to happen. I want to thank some of the special guests we have, Senator Ted Cruz for being here, Senator Ted.
It's hard to believe he's in a race because, honestly, I don't know who would want to run against him because he's really a great senator. He's a great senator. He loves the country. He's tough as hell. He fights -- he's always fighting. And, you know, and he's fighting for the state, but he's fighting more for the country than just about anybody.
And John Barrasso would acknowledge that. John is one of our leaders in the Senate, and he's a fantastic man. So -- so, Ted, I know your -- I know your thing is going good. I heard you were helped very greatly. You got a big pop, right? And I know you're doing great. But I just want to say he's got my complete and total endorsement.
He has always, he always will have. And you're going to have a great day. And hopefully, I'm going to have a great day, and we're going to be celebrating together. And we're going to make our country, as we say, we'll make America great again. We're going to make it great. And it's going to go faster than you think, but it can't sustain this for another four years.
That, I do believe. A very good friend, the head of my campaign, from the day I ran, he called, he said, "I want to run your campaign." I said, "Well, I'm not very experienced. I'd never done this before." But he liked me, and he saw something, I guess. Dan Patrick, he's a fantastic man. And, Dan, we're doing OK, I hear? Good.
OK, good. When Dan says that, that's good. And by the way, if I had any problems, he would tell me that very quickly, right? But when Dan says it, it means a lot. Thank you, Dan, very much. Appreciate it. Attorney General Ken Paxton, [Applause] a really great attorney general, a great attorney general.
Thank you. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. That's pretty good. You see, when they go after people with bullshit, they become -- they become very popular. And that's what happened to Ken. Ken -- Now, Ken was made to suffer for a long period of time, but it worked out very well. And I stuck by him and other people stuck by him, some of the people right there stuck by him, including that one right there.
So, I just -- I think Ken, I said, you know, he's a great attorney general. You got to stick by your attorney generals, and I'm very happy with the way that all worked out. But you went through a lot, right? And that's why they love you because they understand that. Agriculture commissioner, another friend of mine, Sid Miller.
Our first time I saw, Sid was on television. Alexis, he was on television. And I didn't know him at all. He was on Deface the Nation. Ladies and gentlemen, Sid Millar on Deface the Nation. That's the -- that's the name I call it. They don't like it. They spend millions on PR, and then I get on and say Deface the Nation.
But -- but they do deface the nation and the others are just as bad. But he was on there, and they said, "Well, Trump is going to be in a tight race." This is when I first ran in Texas. And we had an event, and he was there. And we had a line that went 10 miles long to get into a stadium, and they couldn't even get in.
And he looks at the anchor. He said, "Listen, I'm from Texas." He's had that beautiful hat on. I love that hat. I'd love to wear it, but it wouldn't work for me, I don't think. Ken would -- Ken -- Ken would say, "It's no good for you. Take it off, please." But -- but no, he said, "I don't know where you come from, but you don't come from Texas because this guy is going to win in a landslide."
And we won in a landslide, right? So, thank you. Thank you. Sid's a great guy. Thank you, Sid. Appreciate it. Land commissioner Dawn -- oh, I like that. I'd love to be land commissioner. I love real estate. Land commissioner Dawn Buckingham. Thank you, Dawn. Great. Doing a good job, I hear that from everybody.
And chairman of the Texas Republican Party, Abraham George, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Good job. So, just in closing -- thank you, Abraham. Great job. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will put -- and I don't like saying that.
You know, the largest -- the record is Dwight Eisenhower, who was essentially a moderate. Good President, General Eisenhower, good president, good general, very -- probably a very good general, right?Better than he gets credit -- he never got credit for a lot of things. He built the interstate system, actually.
He should get a lot of credit, but he was a very good president. But he was a moderate guy, but he has the record for deportation because he could not stand people pouring into the country. And I think we'll break that record. Not that I want to break it, but we have no choice. We have to get all of these criminals, these murderers, and drug dealers, and everything, we're getting them out.
And we'll put these vicious and blood-thirsty criminals in jail or kicked them the hell out of our country, and we'll get them out. Ideally, we want to get them out because we don't want to have to pay for their room and board for the next 50 years, right? To expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua group and the MS-13 and other savage gangs, I'll invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798.
Did you know that? I had to go back that far. We couldn't find anything because modern-day politicians, even sort of old, nobody had the courage of these original people. So, we had to go back to 1798, and it gives you the power to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And you can get them out, and there's no Problem. And at least you can't say that it hasn't been around for a while. That's something, right? And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility for parole. So, you know, because a lot of people, what happened and it happened with Eisenhower, you'd take them out, they'd come back in, they kept coming in.
So, he kept bringing them further away. At some point, they didn't come back. But I'm going to do it differently. It's a 10-year system of -- you're in prison for 10 years with no parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer.
And you'll be amazed how it worked. You know when I was in the White House, we had a lot of people that wanted to pull down statues and things. I didn't like it too much, and we didn't have time to pass a law because they were really getting pretty violent around in Washington, DC. And they were wanted to pull -- you know, actually, when they started roping up, Abraham Lincoln -- it's trouble I said this.
I'm not even sure they knew what they were doing. But we found a law that was in the early 1900s, very tough law that if you so much as touch against in violation of anybody's word if you so much as touch a monument or a statue, you get 10 years in jail. And I had a news conference -- and the town was flooded.
We had a news conference. They had actually a rope around Andrew Jackson's head, the beautiful statue. And I said we're going to go fast, and I went out, and I did it. And within -- it was a beautiful sight. The second I announced 10 years in jail, no probation, nothing. And as soon as I said it, everybody just sort of walked -- I could see them walking.
I don't want to use the term I used last night, a certain part of their body, I watched the back, I saw thousands of them. And I said what a beautiful sight. They just left. And that was the end. We had no more problem until about a month ago, two months ago in DC where they became very violent. They were fighting with police, they were putting spray paint on our beautiful -- on the lions, the beautiful lions.
And, you know, their -- their sandstone, and that's a very porous stone, you'll see that spray paint for many years to come like hundreds of years. You can't really get it out. It goes deep into the stone. And to the best of my knowledge, nothing happened to them, did they -- they were beating up cops or the cops were beating them up, but they were fighting.
They were fighting our police, our great police. We're going to take care of our police too, by the way. They're going to stop the lawlessness. And I'm going to end all migrant flights immediately. You know, they're still flying flights coming in with 450,000 people over a fairly short, 450,000. That's a lot of flights.
And I'm going to outlaw immediately, and we're going to ask you guys to help on that. But we're going to outlaw immediately sanctuary cities. They're sanctuaries for criminals, and we're going to end catch and release once and for all. And Kamala Harris, she started this nightmare open border, no common sense.
We're a party of common sense. There's no common sense to an open border, and I will stop this nightmare immediately. November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. So, I want to thank everybody for being here. And, Alexis, I want to thank you, darling, and your daughter. Very proud of you right now, I can tell you.
Very proud. This unbelievable family back there, thank you very much. We won't forget it. We're going to meet in the White House. We get there -- I told them we're going to have lunch in the White House, all right? And that goes for you. Are we allowed to bring Alexis? Can we do that?
They said yes, OK? So, we're going to do that in honor of your beautiful Jocelyn, OK? Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. We greatly appreciate it. Thank you, guys. Thank you, Ted. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much.
[Audience chants "U.S.A"] Thank you very much. Thank you. Let's have a little fun, Sage, OK?
Thank you, darling.
We were there for a while, mostly fries. We didn't get into the -- we'll have to come back for the burgers, I think, but mostly fries. And we had a tremendous crowd circling the McDonald's, and the people were great, really, the whole state, the whole -- you know what I say? The whole commonwealth is as good as it gets, right? Don't you think, the whole commonwealth.
And I just want to thank everybody. I think we're going to do really well. We're way up in the polls. We want to keep it that way. We want to keep it too big to rig. It's too big to rig. We got to make it that way, but we're way up now, and we're way up in all of the polls, I think, for the most part.
And we want to make America great again. It's very simple. We want to make America great again, and that's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do.
To me, they're big people. I think everyone's -- they're all the same, but they said it was so successful. Honestly, the McDonald's just hit the rockets. I mean, you have to see everything. They said, "Sir, you don't have to do this. Stop." I said are you crazy? I'm not going to do this. They said, "You can avoid this."
Can you imagine that? I said who's going to tell these people? I'm not telling, hey, maybe we can make this more exciting than the McDonald's stuff. How about that? But there's no way I wasn't coming. I know this area very well, maybe better, and some of the greatest people. So it's great to have such a crowd.
They have an overflow crowd. They have people outside trying to get in, and I was going to suggest if anybody would like to give up your seat, anybody, one hand. I've never had anybody raise a hand saying yes. Anyway, thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Hi, Bob.
Oh, I like that outfit. Oh, that's beautiful. Where did you buy that? I want to get one of them.
That's pretty cool, actually.
A great question. The answer is yes. And when you say fixed income, because of Biden and Kamala -- nobody knows her as Harris. I can't use the word Harris. And by the way, it's her 60th birthday, so I want to wish her a happy 60th birthday, right? [Audience boos] No, no. Happy birthday and many more, and I mean it.
So I do mean it, actually. I'm just looking at this gentleman. You don't look like you're retired to me. You look like you're in the prime. You could be if you wanted to be, right?
Look at the size of the arms on this guy, I don't know. He looks pretty healthy. So people on fixed income have been decimated by the Biden and Harris regime. This has been horrible, what's happened to him because we had, I think in history, I think in the greatest in history, they say, no, it's 48 years.
But I think we had the greatest inflation just about in the history of our country. They don't include everything. They don't include interest rates going from 2% to 10%, but you can't get the money at 10%. So therefore, it's much higher. But people -- the people that are hurt the most are people on fixed income, like Bob, and we're going to do a lot of things, for one thing, no tax on Social Security benefits for seniors.
Are you getting Social Security? You don't look -- you're -- what is your age?
You look a lot younger than that. Doesn't he look handsome? He's a much better-looking guy than I am. Look at him. You look good. And you have a good family, a great family?
That's great. So you were hurt, though, because of the inflation. I mean, people were hurt because of the inflation and especially the people that are in fixed income, and here's what we're doing. Number one, no tax on Social Security for our seniors. That's a big deal. No tax on tips also, as you know, and no tax for all different groups we're covering, right, and no tax on overtime.
So if you work overtime -- that's been the big sleeper. And you know another good one. I think something that's going to be really good is you can fully deduct your interest payments when you buy a car. We never did that. And a Wall Street -- Bob, a Wall Street genius called me up. He said, "Whose idea was that?" It sounds pretty simple, right? But we've never done that.
So you buy a car, you're going to be able to fully deduct your interest payment. That's a big deal. So you go out and buy a car, so we're going to do that for you. Also, we're going to -- that's a big thing. Also, very importantly, we're just going to make the economy better. Do you plan on working a little bit in terms of part-time jobs or any of that?
But one of the biggest things we're going to do as the economy is going to get good, but we have more liquid gold. This is what caused the inflation. They blew -- we had the best -- we were energy independent, the first time I think ever. We were energy independent, and now we were getting oil from Venezuela.
We're getting tar from Venezuela because it comes out as tar. We have to heat the hell out of it, and it's done --there's only one place in the whole world that can do it, and that's in Houston, Texas. So for the environmental people, that stuff is going up in smoke in our territory, and we have the best, cleanest, the most oil and gas of any country in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia, Saudi -- all of them.
And we're going to be using it, but here's the thing. We will get your energy bill, everybody in the audience, including businesses, down by 55.0% from one year from when we take office. And when that happens, everything else is going to follow. So it was energy that caused -- Bob, it was energy that caused the problem, and it's going to be energy that leads us back into the promised land.
The energy went up. And also their spending, their stupid spending. They spent money on the Green New scam at levels that nobody's ever seen before. They just like throwing -- they could have thrown it out the window. it would have been fine. So -- and thank you for doing this. This is great to have you.
I've seen so many great stories about this woman. She's a brave woman, a great woman, beautiful, too, but I'm not allowed to say that. That could be the end of your political -- if you say that a woman is beautiful today, don't be a politician. It is the end of your political career, but she's beautiful. So thank you for doing this.
In fact, they've never said it again. She made it like -- a couple of months later, she said, "And by the way, there won't be." Well, in the meantime, they're passing legislation that makes it very hard for people to skip or will ruin their lives a little bit. A waitress -- I was in my building in Las Vegas, and a waitress came over to me and said hi.
Hi, I said. How are you doing? "The government is killing me. They're after me all the time about tips and tips and all this." And I said, well, that's very interesting, and she said, "Like there shouldn't be a tax on tips." I said that's an interesting idea. This is my consultant. This is a good waitress, who's great, and I said that's an idea.
I thought about it for about 15 minutes, and I said what a good idea. But they then came out like a month or two later. They made the statement. They got blown away because by that time they're not going to be able to do it. They're not going to do it, just like he was going to do the educational thing with the debt -- with debt.
You borrow money to go to college, and they were going to just write it off. He's been talking about it for three years. It's totally dead. They won't get anything passed. We're going to get it all passed. We're going to get it done very, very quickly. So those things -- but from your standpoint, Bob, the Social Security is a big deal, so we'll take care of you.
No, it will go fast.
I have to say that this -- that's right. You said 15 days, that's right. It's hard to believe 15 days until we get to be great again, right? But we have -- look, what they did is terrible because this guy won the nomination. He got 14 million votes. I'm not a fan, but he got 14 million votes, many more votes than anybody else.
They had 22 people running. Kamala was running, too, and she was the first one to drop out. Shockingly, he picked her to run, which I think he wished he had that decision to do over again. And they took it away from him. They took the presidency away. This is the first time in the history of our country -- I mean, it was taken away like you take candy from a baby.
And I don't use the word -- there are a lot of words to describe it. It's a coup, and it was -- they took the presidency of the United States away from him. And honestly, they shouldn't be doing it. And they keep talking about a threat to democracy. They're a threat to democracy, and she's a threat to democracy.
What they did is a terrible thing. And just to finish, I believe that Joe Biden likes me more than he likes Kamala. And who would think that? And look, the bottom line, so we had a debate, Joe Biden, we had a debate, and he didn't do great in the debate, but that's understandable. He didn't do well, and his poll numbers went down, but that's OK because you come back from that stuff.
And what happened is incredible, Nancy Pelosi, Crazy Nancy went in, and Schumer, and all these guys went in, and they said we're taking it away. What happened -- nobody's ever seen that before. Nobody's ever done it before, and it should -- honestly, it should never happen again. It was a terrible thing. I will say that.
Hello.
Uh-oh, here we go.
Oh, good. He's a good man. That's right.
All right. This is our story for the day.
Wow, ooh, that means she's got those good, fighting genes. That's what it means. Wow, are they good? Are they pretty good? How are they doing?
Wow, that's great.
Right. Well, number one, we're going to make the economy much better. I mean, that's bigger than anything we can do is make the economy better. We're not going to let foreign countries come in and steal our businesses, our jobs, and everything else, which has been happening for years. And I must tell you, and I always tell them why didn't you do something? When we were there, I did a lot about that.
We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had the strongest border in the history of our country. I don't know if they have the chart because this is such a different forum from a -- from making a speech or doing a rally, but we have a chart that's an amazing chart. In fact, it's probably my favorite chart of all time because I wouldn't be here without that chart.
And -- oh, we wouldn't be here, right? We definitely wouldn't be. But if you take a look, see the arrow on the bottom, that arrow is my final day in office. And we had the lowest illegal immigration that we've had, I guess probably in history, certainly in recorded history, and it was going lower. And we were going to let people in.
We want to have people come in, but they have to come in legally. We have to know they love our country. They can --
We don't want people coming in that were up for murder and not only up for murder, convicted. We have 13,099 convicted murderers that were released into our country from the prison systems, penitentiaries in other countries. And the last count was 180 countries, when you think of it, and we just can't let that happen.
We also -- drug dealers, gang members, everybody. And if you look at Venezuela, if you look at a lot of these countries where they came from, they opened up their prisons, and they allowed the people to come out. And honestly, I would have done the same thing if I was -- it's called open borders. They heard we were open. They took them out.
Thank you. So cute. Look at her. She's very politically wise at that young age, right? Both -- these are young kids, and they -- everybody's liking politics nowadays. Well, we better win or they're not going to like it too much I can tell you, right? They're not going to like it, so we can't let that happen.
We're going to make our economy great, and you're going to really come along with it. And all of those other things that I talked about, including no taxes on tips, all of that's going to be just something very special for you.
Thank you. And tell your boys to do great. I'll be watching, OK?
OK. We'll be watching. We'll be watching. Congratulations.
Thank you.
I have to tell you that, if you look at the polls, they'll tell you that the biggest thing is the economy. Second thing is the border, but I think this is bigger than the economy. I think when you talk about the economy, I think you have to include inflation in the economy because the inflation is the worst we've ever had.
I think it's just absolutely -- in the old days, they used to call an inflation a country buster. You go back hundreds of years, Germany had big inflation. It was destroyed. Other countries were destroyed by inflation. With all of that, I think what's happening at our border, where they're allowing millions of people to come into our country every year totally unchecked and unvetted, coming from prisons and mental institutions and coming in as terrorists.
We have the highest level of terrorism, highest level of terrorists that we've ever had. We've never had this many terrorists come in. We had one year where the -- and I don't even believe this myself. The Border Patrol made these charts. And in one year, in 2019, I guess it was, they had zero were allowed.
Now I think it's probably wrong. It must have been some, but zero -- they put it down as zero. And this was not from me. This was from them. And the following year, it was 11. And now we have thousands of terrorists coming into our country, and nothing good can happen with that. Nothing good is going to come out of that, so I really think it's a big part of the economy, too.
But I think the No. 1 threat that we have, and I actually think the thing that people are going to be voting on most is what's happening on our southern -- and other but our southern border, and I think it's the No. 1 thing that people want to talk about.
I love that chart.
I sleep with it. I kiss it when I go to bed.
Hi, Chris.
Great question. Are you the current sheriff?
Wow, that's pretty good. You look like it. That's pretty good.
And the rest are coming because nobody's endorsing -- we have the endorsement of almost every law enforcement agency group in the country, so it's good. They have none. I don't think they have any, so thank you very much. I'll give you an answer to that. So we have to protect our law enforcement. We have to indemnify them against the bad things.
If you do your job well, oftentimes they go after you. They want your house. They want your pension. They want to fire you. They want to -- we can't have that. We have great people, and we have people that have to be given back their authority and their respect because our cities are blowing up. We had the worst crime that we've ever had in the last year.
Remember the other day, not -- pretty recently, we were at the debate where I was debating with David Muir of ABC Fake News, and I said we have crime at a level that we've never had it, and a lot of it's migrant crime. Now the migrants are coming, and they're causing crime, and they're tough as hell.
And they're causing tremendous -- they're taking over like Aurora and in Colorado. And I mean, they're taking over buildings. They're in the real estate business all of a sudden. But they're vicious people, and they're taking over. And he said, "No, no, the crime is down. Crime is down." I said crime is not down.
No, no, it's down. The following day, they released the figures, and crime is up 45%. And I haven't gotten this guy, David Muir. Everything I said, he kept -- I said who am I debating here? I had two of them from ABC, and I had her. She was the easy one, but they were terrible. They never questioned her on one thing, but they said -- he said crime is down.
No, no crime is way up. And the FBI, we have to look at this because the FBI put out charts that crime was down initially because they didn't report certain little areas of the country like the worst areas in the country for crime, and it turned out that their stats were very wrong and very misleading.
But he was wrong because it was -- it's up like at least 45%. That's an incredible -- you take a look at Venezuela, take a look at some of these countries that are taking all their gang members and their criminals off the streets and giving them to us, their crime is down 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%. So we're going to give you back the dignity and the respect.
We have great respect for you, and we're going to -- we're not going to let this happen. You can stop crime. You just have to be given the go-ahead. When they take -- when you go to Chicago, you go to a lot of cities, and they rob a department store, and guys are walking out with refrigerators. They have it on their back with two friends and air conditioning and everything, and they literally are stripping.
And the police are standing outside, and they're shaking out of anger because they really want to do something, but they're told to stand down, and they're watching these criminals walk out. We're not going to have that happen. We're not going to let that happen. So thank you very much, Sheriff. I appreciate it.
It's become more and more dangerous. I mean, I visited a great family in Long Island where a policeman who was killed, said, "Please open the door." They opened the door, and they start firing. The windows were darkened. They opened the door, and they start firing. There's not a thing you could do. Even if you were allowed, and they're not allowed, to open the door with a gun in your hand, you're still not going to make it because you can't beat that kind of speed.
I mean, he's got a gun, and they started firing. He died. I went to the funeral. He died, and I paid my respects, the most beautiful family, and they can't even believe it. But the wife was telling me that she was so afraid it was going to happen. And things are happening today. It's a very dangerous profession.
Of course, being president is a very dangerous profession, right? We were going over that the other day, one-tenth of 1% of race car drivers -- that's pretty dangerous, right? One-tenth of 1%, race car drivers die. One-tenth of 1%, these guys that ride the bulls. I mean, say what you want. They are very brave.
That is -- but one-tenth of 1%, similar to like the race car stuff. With presidents, it's a lot of them. If you think about it, you got Lincoln and Kennedy and McKinley and this and that, or get shot at, many shot at, Reagan and Ford. And this is a very dangerous profession, but I wouldn't change it for anything because we're going to turn our country around.
We're going to turn our country around, and we're going to do it. We're going to do it fast, fast. Thank you.
That's right. Well, we have to take care of our border. Our border is so important. And look, it's just common sense. People are coming through that are criminals, you're going to have more crime. And if you remember where Kamala was saying, "No, no, the people that come into our country, they don't commit crime."
They are far tougher. The one thing nice -- our criminals look like very nice people by comparison. These people are vicious, the level -- you just take a look at some of these gangs that are coming in. So our criminals look much nicer than they used to. That's the only thing we can say, but that's not much.
The Wall Street Journal was interesting. I did -- had like a two-and-a-half-hour meeting with them, and it was a great meeting. I respect the Wall Street Journal a lot, and we had -- with the editorial board. And they did -- they actually wrote a beautiful story about it. But the one thing they said that was great, "We've watched this guy for 20 years. The one thing we know is that he's got no cognitive problem."
I have no cognitive -- she may have a cognitive problem, but there's no cognitive problem. It was nice that they actually said that. They said, "If anyone has any questions, we were grilling this guy for two hours or two-and-a-half hours, got no cognitive -- in fact, if anything, he's maybe better." I don't even know if I like this, "Maybe he's better than he was 20 years ago."
So anyway, no, it's -- and I actually called for a cognitive test for all people wanting to run for president. I think -- not based on age. Some of the greatest leaders in the world -- and I'm not 80, and I'm not that close to 80. But in the Biden case, he's 81 or 82, and that's OK because I know people that are unbelievably successful.
By the way, a man who's very successful is Rupert Murdoch, and he's 93 or 94. He was at a meeting that I had the following day, and he's sharp as you can be. I mean, he's the same guy that I've known for 25, 30 years. He's sharp, and he's in his 90s. We've had some of the greatest leaders in world history that are in their 80s.
And -- but it was very interesting because in reading the article, they were -- it was a great article, but I appreciated that they said that -- it's very nice that they say it. I've done cognitive tests. I've done them twice, and I aced both of them. And the doctor in one case said, "I've never seen anybody ace them."
They've never seen anybody ace them, but I'd like to see cognitive tests for anybody running for president or vice president. I think it's important in a way.
Everybody. I did ask about it, though, why can't they -- they say it's unconstitutional, which I think is too bad or ridiculous, but I'd like to see that. I think people would be great if we could have good, strong tests for people that are running for president, vice president. They do say, however, it's unconstitutional.
Who likes the idea of that? I do, yeah. [Audience responds affirmatively]
I've said it for a long time, and I think it would be a great thing if we could do it.
99 changes, can you believe it?
Like Remain in Mexico, like you got to Remain in Mexico. You can't -- that's a little change, right? And you think that was easy to get from Mexico? I said we want them to -- and because of tariffs, I said, look, if you don't agree, I'm going to charge you 25% tariffs. They said, "We would love them to remain in Mexico." I'll never forget it. They were so against it.
Almost immediately. Remember one thing, I watched her the other night about a bill. The bill was a disaster, by the way. It was a horrible bill, would have let people have immunity. It would have given people -- millions of people would have allowed to come in aimlessly. It was a hopeless, horrible bill, but she always uses that and we would institute -- she's trying to get tough now on the border.
After four years of destroying our country, now all of a sudden, a couple of months ago, they went to a little bit tougher. The only thing she didn't stop are airplanes flying over the border, loaded up. You know how many people? Hundreds of thousands of people come in by airplane. They didn't stop that.
They forgot -- I think they said they forgot. They want to show a little toughness. But look, we need strong borders. We need great elections. If we don't have great elections and strong borders, then we don't have a country. Those two things -- and other things, but those two things are at the top of the list.
We have to have strong borders, and we want people to come in.
But we want people to come in that can really do it, that can do a job. And we're going to -- and we're going -- look, we're going to get that, but we have to get rid of the people that are now there. She is so bad. Remember what she said --
No, no, no, I'm talking about the politicians.
No, no. We have to get rid of the politicians. And remember what she said? She was interviewed on numerous shows, and she couldn't come up. What would you do different? "I can't think of anything." I don't -- she can't think. Do you know that 325,000 -- now think of a stadium, a big stadium be filled up many times, 325,000 children are dead or missing under their -- they came across the border or they didn't.
They're all dead, missing, or into sex slavery or slavery. 325,000, many of them are dead. I'm sure many of them are dead. Probably their parents -- will never see their parents. Like any parent, they want to see them. They get kidnapped. They get taken, and they come through an open border. They're missing or dead or they're in slavery, 325,000.
Think of that. Think of what that means, the number is like unheard of. And remember, what would you do different? "Nothing. I wouldn't do anything different." So immediately, she's disqualified because he's the worst president in our history. She's the worst vice president in our history, and to think that she's running for president is pretty ridiculous.
No, it's not.
So let me just tell you, again it gets down to the sheriff and local police. They know everybody in town. They know their names, their middle names. They have serial numbers. They've got everything. They know everything. They know all about these horrible criminals coming in from Venezuela, coming in from Colombia.
They know everyone, local police. The local police will work with others. And look, from a practical standpoint, it's very tough because there'll be one woman with two beautiful children who gets brought back, and there'll be tears. And The Times and all these crazy newspapers will do stories about one person when you're -- so it's a very difficult thing, but we start with the murderers.
We know who they are. We don't know everything about them because they've been let in without being vetted, but we start with the murderers. Nobody wants to have murderers. These are people that -- some were getting the death penalty. They were going to be executed in their own -- some killed more than five people.
Some killed more than two people. One killed like nine or 10 people. We want them out. We start with them. We start with the drug dealers. We start with the people that are causing -- oh, by the way, you start also with the terrorists. You got to get them out, and then we start figuring out what the hell we're going to do because what they've done to our country, what they have done -- and I'll tell you who is affected most, the Black population, the Hispanic population, because their jobs are being lost.
People that had jobs for years are losing their job now to people that came into our country illegally. So that's a really -- and they're starting to see it. The Black population over the last short period of time, their numbers -- their unemployment numbers have just skyrocketed. The reason is people coming into the country illegally are taking their jobs, so -- and I'll tell you what's going to be affected very much are going to be unions, but you're going to see things happening that are just -- it's just too much.
In one town in Ohio, a town of -- think of this, a town of 52,000 people, they put 32,000 illegal migrants in this town, right? 32,000 illegal migrants into a 52,000-people town. In Aurora, they have people that are running in and walking down the streets, carrying weapons. And the landlord to the building is saying, "I don't know what I'm going to do here. They're collecting the rent in the building for themselves."
I mean -- and this is happening all over the country. We mentioned a few different places, and a lot of mayors don't want to talk about it because it's bad for the reputation of the state and the town or the city that they're in. But look at New York, what's happened. Look at Chicago. Look at Los Angeles.
What's happening? Our country is being destroyed by incompetent politicians, and all they have to do -- remember this. When they say a bill, she always said the bill wasn't passed because the Senate wouldn't want to go against Trump, had nothing to do with me. The bill was no good. But listen, all the president has to do is she gets to the White House, wakes him up.
They call because if it's after 4:00, -- he sleeps after 4:00, get him the hell down to the Oval Office and say, "President, sign the bill." All he has to do is say the borders are closed. Tell that to the great Border Patrol, the borders are closed. And those borders -- that's what I did. I didn't have a bill.
I had the best border maybe ever. I didn't have a bill. I just said close the borders now, and they were closed. You don't need a bill for that.
You don't need a bill. I didn't have a bill. I said close the borders. My father used to tell me when -- like we'd hire some guy and, "Sir, could I have a letter of authorization that I got this job?" And my father always used to say to me, "Son, every time they need a letter, they never work out to be any good. The guys that don't need a letter, those are the ones that you want because when they ask for a letter that means they don't have it."
this guy -- so what happens is you call up the head of the Border Patrol. You call up the group, and you say effective immediately, the borders are closed, and they close up. And that's what I had. I didn't have a bill. I closed up the borders.
But it's not financially feasible or sustainable for us to be paying for hundreds -- not for hundreds, for millions and millions of people. It's estimated now that the number, the real number is over 21 million people in three and a half -- 21 million people came into this country, many of them are seriously bad people.
I was wondering who that was. It's the fake news. No, these guys are great. These are the photographers. When they take good pictures, I like them. When they take bad pictures of me, I don't like them. They usually turn out to be not so nice, but that's OK. Here's a man, Pulitzer Prize, Doug, Pulitzer Prize.
It's the only thing good about the New York Times is Doug. Pulitzer Prize, everybody. Pretty good. He's good. He's a good guy. They're all good guys, very talented guys, good.
I was wondering who's coming in. I was looking. I was getting ready. Put up your dukes. Here we go. Here we go.
Hello, Paul.
Let me get up. These are the most uncomfortable chairs, but I think we're going to -- there is no chair like that chair.
How are you? Nice to see you, man.
Go ahead, please.
So the wall, we built hundreds of miles of wall, more than I said I was going to be doing. And again, I had a hard time with Congress on the wall. I took it out of the military because we rebuilt the military. We had a lot of money in the military. We took out billions because I considered it an invasion of our country.
It was very easy. And we then got sued by Nancy, Crazy Nancy and all the Democrats, and we got sued 11 different times. We won all the suits. It took -- it was brutal, but we were sued a lot, and we got hundreds of miles of wall built. And then I said let's add some more, and one of the reasons we did have the great success is because I got the wall built.
I was building wall at levels that nobody had ever seen, and we were going through tremendous obstacles. It was hard, but we got it done. And then I said let's add 200 miles because it was certain areas. It's interesting, when you add wall here, you got to add a little more wall here. And it's just -- it's like water.
And we did -- we were ready to do that. We ordered 200 miles. It was ready to be thrown up. It could have been thrown up in three to four weeks, and then we had a very unfortunate election, and these characters took over. And I said, something's going on. They're not putting up the wall. They have to put up the wall.
It would have been unbelievable, totally secure, very hard to get through the wall. That was the wall specifically that Border Patrol and all of them wanted. This is the one that they wanted. It wasn't what I wanted. I wanted to have concrete plank going up 30 or 40 feet, they said has to be steel, has to -- have to be able to see through it, etc.
, etc. And this is a combination of steel, concrete, and then rebar in the middle, each one of those pieces. And then they have -- I told this, they have an anti-climb panel on the top, and I hated it because I didn't like the way it looked with -- these things were so beautiful, and we had to put the anti-climb.
But I said no way I'm going to do that. I hate it. It was costly, but I hated it. And then we had people climbing. And it's true, the Anti-climb panel is exactly what it is. It was much harder. So I said, all right, we'll do it. But this is exactly what they wanted. And they didn't want to put it up, and that's the first time that I realized that they actually want an open border.
Who would want an open border? It's like who would want an open border? Who would want men playing in women's sports? Who would want all these transgender operations on your children? So we built a tremendous amount of wall, and we were going to do another 200. But I got Mexico to come in, and they gave us thousands and thousands of troops while we were building the wall.
And that was hard to do. Remember, I said Mexico will pay. They paid much more than what I was talking about. They gave us troops. They did a really good job. They didn't want to do it. They said, "No way," and I said way, way, way. And they said, "No, we're not doing it." And I said if you're not doing it, I'm going to charge you a 25% tariff.
And they said these tariffs are -- I'm telling you, it's my favorite word in the dictionary outside of love and religion. But -- so I said you're going to -- we're going to charge you, and we got the troops from Mexico, free of charge. And they were -- it really did the trick. We had great success. But the net result is all of this wall that we built, they ended up selling for $0.
05 on the dollar, very expensive stuff, too, not all of it, but a lot of it. And Texas wanted to use it. Arizona wanted to use it, and the federal government wouldn't sell it to them, and they sold a lot of it for $0.05 on the dollar. These are people that hate our country. I'm convinced of it. There's something -- you got to vote them out.
We got to get back to common sense, right? Thank you.
Right away, yeah, the wall. I've become very good at building walls, actually. Remember, there's only two things that work. Everything's obsolete, other than that. See their cameras. Look at these beautiful cameras they have. In two weeks, they'll be obsolete, right? Everything, the computers are going to be up.
Two things. What are the two things? Wheels and walls. They're not obsolete. They always work, and you can always have a wheel and a wall, right? Look at her. She was the one that was crying. If she was crying, that means she likes -- you like Trump. Uh-oh, she's crying again.
Stand up. Stand up. Show everybody, very nice. Thank you, sweetheart. Are you friends as passionate as you?
Yes, wow. Oh, boy, I'm glad they have those good seats. Thank you, darling. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Those are tears that are happy tears.
And a home is a big deal, right?
You can't have the American dream because I'm giving the American dream. I gave up so much. During that four-year period, we had the greatest economy. We had the greatest everything, and people were back to a thing called the American Dream. I'm so glad you used the term. We're going to get interest rates way down.
We're going to -- there are some places -- 35% the cost of a home are regulations and nonsense that shouldn't be between long-term zoning where it takes years and years to get it developed. We're going to take a lot of that out. I did, and they put a lot of it back in. The environmental approvals are terrible, just terrible, so ridiculously bad, and we're going to get it taken care of.
We'll bring down the cost. The biggest thing -- with two things: make the economy good, so you get a lot of money, right, make the economy good; and the other thing is interest rates. We're going to get interest rates -- right now, you can't get money. Even if you had a good job, you're paying 10%. You're paying 11%, 12%, and you can't get it.
When I was president, it was 2.2% interest. And now -- and the money was all over the place, and now you can't get the money. So we're going to make sure that you can get the money. And who's going to occupy that house with you?
But a beautiful family eventually, right, huh? I'll bet. Thank you, darling. Thank you.
Great.
I like that. Do you like that, everybody? Should I do it? Should I do it? What do you think? Should I grow one of these --
She says yes. Why not? Come here.
Thank you very much. Looks good.
So we actually had -- and the big thing is going to be the cost of energy. Energy is so big. It's so like amorphous. It's all over the place. If you make donuts, it's the stove and the truck to bring them to wherever they're being delivered. The biggest thing is energy with this, with what you're talking about.
We're going to get that way down. And our price per gallon was actually -- we had it down to $1.87 a gallon, and we had -- actually, the $3.50 was up to -- that you had mentioned, that was up to $4 or $5 and $6. And it was heading up again, and then they went back quickly. They ended my energy policy, and they were getting killed, and they went back to it.
What they don't say is that they went back to it. They said, "We're getting killed here," the day after the election. If they won this election, they're going to go to a no fossil fuel deal. You're going to have all electric, and you're going to say, "Oh, I can't go far." It costs too much, and they're made in China.
And we love Elon Musk, and he makes -- and I think and I will tell you and I think these electric -- what he does is incredible. What -- the electric cars are great, but it's a certain application. Some people would like them, depending on distances. If you want to go long distances at this moment, maybe not.
But you know the amazing thing about Elon? He's in Pennsylvania today, campaigning for me. Can you believe it? And the Tesla is a great car. But I will tell you -- but he will be the first to tell you. And he never called me once because I hit them hard because they have this electric mandate that in a very short period of time, everyone's forced to have an electric car.
Well, what about hybrids? What about regular gasoline-propelled cars? We have more gasoline than anybody, but China has the product to make the batteries, so it's not a good thing for us. I've never had a call, and I speak to him a lot. He's incredible. How about that rocket that came down a few days ago? How cool was that? I called him up.
I said was that you? He said yes. Nobody else can do that. Russia can't do it. China can't do it, and the U.S. can't do it, other than it's him. But no, he's incredible. But he -- amazing thing, he never once called me up and said -- give you my word, he never once called me up and said lay off the electric, would you? He gave me the greatest endorsement.
He understands what -- he's going to have a tremendous market. There's a great market for that but not 100% of the market. It's gasoline and hybrid. And there's another one, hydrogen. Did you ever hear of that? That's a new one. But here's the problem. He knows. Mr. Wall, please stand up. He's heard this before.
This gentleman has come to 300 rallies. He likes me. He's a very successful guy, too. He just likes these rallies. He'd rather be watching this than some crummy football game, right? But what is happening is there is a lot of great technology, but hydrogen is not acceptable because it's better than anything, except when there's a problem.
It has a tendency to blow up. And when it blows up, you are unrecognizable. They call the wife down. Would you please examine -- not really the body because there's no body. It's just a pile of stuff. And I don't want the hydrogen, if you don't mind. It's one of those things that's really wonderful. But when it doesn't work, you're dead.
We don't want that, so we'll come to another. But there'll be other -- over the -- over a period of time, there'll be other things. We're going to get those interest rates down. We're going to -- and I'm telling you. I made it -- I said at the beginning. I'll say it again. We have more liquid -- think of it.
We have more gasoline and gas, and we have oil converted easily into gasoline. Also oil for your house, for your air conditioning, for your heating. We will have your electric bills and all of your energy bills down by -- we're going to cut it in half, anything you're paying right now. And that's going to make your business strong by itself.
That's good, and it'll be done within one year because we -- what are we going to do? Drill, baby, drill, frack, baby, frack.
We're going to frack. We're going to frack and drill, OK? Thank you, man. Thank you.
Oh, good. I will. I will.
Sounds great.
The one thing -- sounds good. I'll bet it's a good place. Got a lot of action, right?
Oh, Stan Musial?
Oh, I see, Dan Meuser. Is Dan here? Oh, Where's Dan? Is it that good, Dan? I thought he said Stan Musial, Stan the Man, remember? Hi, Dan. How are you? Who do we have here? Look, come on up here for a second, Dan, will you? Am I allowed to do this? Because this is our host, so I don't know if I'm allowed to do this. But what do you think?
One of our great congresspeople. Under this forum, we don't really announce our congresspeople, our senators.
And you're going to tell me who else is here with you, Dan. Come on up. This guy is fantastic, Congressman Dan Meuser. How are we doing, most importantly, Dan, most importantly? He's very much involved with the election. How are we doing?
Thank you. Other guys down there?
Lloyd. Come on up here, Lloyd. Come on up here, Lloyd Smucker. Congressman, warrior, Lloyd Smucker. Come on up here, Lloyd. Thank you very much. That's great. That's great.
These are two warriors.
They love him, too.
Thank you very much. Thank you, both.
Thank you, Dan. Thanks, Lloyd. Good. Oh, I'm lucky. Oh, you have no idea the hell that I'd have to -- if we would have said goodbye, and these two warriors weren't introduced, I would have had a problem. I would have felt very badly. Good. Is there anybody else? You're going to go for McCormick. I know that.
They're not happy. They don't get too happy. That's right. They're saying, "Excuse me, sir. They won't be allowed on the stage." Anyway, this has been really great.
We're going to frack, baby, frack. She is not going to frack, by the way. She's been against fracking. She wants to confiscate your guns, and she will do it. With a politician, take a look at their initial record, that's what they go back to. She's only doing this because of the election. She just changed all these -- she changed 15 different policies.
She wanted the transgender operations, I mean, almost at will. And a lot of them, though, the taxing. She wants to do a capital gains tax on -- think of this, on unrecorded values. Think of this. If it goes up -- you don't have any cash. It goes up. She'll put everybody out of business. She wants a capital gains tax that's going to destroy the country.
She wants to raise your taxes to 70% or 80%, kill all your jobs, chase everybody out to other countries. Businesses today, they will leave our country, they're international businesses, the big ones. And you want to get cute. Everyone's going to pay. They say one day, I'm going to Asia. I'm going to Europe.
I'm going to Germany, let's say. I'm going someplace. It's -- we can't do this. She wants capital gains taxes that have never been even tried before. They will destroy the country. This woman is so incompetent. She's so bad, you cannot -- and I would normally not like to speak like it. If they get chosen, our country is finished.
Elon Musk is a very smart guy. You got to see his endorsement. He said, "If this election isn't won by Donald Trump, our country is essentially finished." That's a hell of a statement for him to make, and he's a totally brilliant guy. This guy's got so much. And I have to say, and I've said it before.
I said it yesterday at a rally. He makes something that -- Starlink, that I didn't -- never heard of it, but it's great. It's communication. North Carolina, Georgia had some areas that were not -- basically, it's communication. It's a communication system. But especially North Carolina is -- the job that -- it was just totally demolished.
They had no communications. People were dying. The federal government failed worse than Katrina. They did nothing. The White House, her, and Biden did nothing. And they needed to get Starlink. They said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said I do because I was there. They said, "Is there a way we could get Starlink?" So I called him up, and he had that to them so fast, it was unbelievable.
And you can't get it. The congressmen know this. And so I just want to thank Elon Musk. But when you look at his endorsement where he endorsed me, I mean, he's not going around all over Pennsylvania, day and night, day and night. It's like he's running. He just feels that our nation, if it doesn't win this election, the nation is not going to survive.
It's not going to survive. So I want to thank Elon.
You want to put up -- do we have one of those fracking statements that she made? Because here, we put it up sometimes. But Pennsylvania specifically --
It's about fracking. Can they put that fracking tape up, if they could do it? I don't know if they can do it. This is a different forum. But if they can, put up the frack, frack, frack. [Begin audiotape] Kamala Harris: I am committed to passing a Green New Deal, creating clean jobs, and finally putting an end to fracking once and for all.
If they fail to act, as president of the United States, I am prepared to get rid of the filibuster to pass a Green New Deal. I am offering a Green New Deal that has been described as one of the most aggressive and progressive. Unknown speaker: Well, he's going to bring the Green New Deal up for a vote.
Kamala Harris: Yeah, I will vote for it. It is a resolution. I believe that the underlying principles behind it are sound and important. Unknown speaker: What is the solution for voters who have jobs and interests in the fossil fuel industry? Kamala Harris: Giving the workers an ability to transition into the jobs of the future.
Unknown speaker: Can we afford it? Kamala Harris: Of course, we can afford it. It's not about the cost. [End audiotape] So there you heard it. Good job, backstage. I'll give you my word. I said give me that fracking statement. No, she doesn't want fracking. She's never wanted fracking. And by the way, she destroyed one of the greatest cities in the world, San Francisco, destroyed it.
It's not even livable. She destroyed it, and she destroyed, along with Gavin Newscum. Have you heard of him? A terrible -- one of the worst governors. He'll go down as one of the worst governors in history, Gavin Newscum. But the two of them destroyed California. How do you destroy California? The ocean, the temperature, everything is -- it's like a perfect place.
They're destroying it. They had more people leave it, think of it, than come in first time, I think, ever. It's an incredible place, and they have virtually destroyed it. And she's not going to -- she will not destroy -- we're not going to let her destroy America. That's all there is to it.
Well, we have to go -- what you're doing is fracking, but you can do much more. You can do double and triple what you're doing right now. You're restricted by so many different things that they put on. So we're going to let them frack, frack, frack like a duck, frack, frack, frack. You can do three times what you're doing now and even four times, And you can do it, and it won't have any impact on you.
It's not going to have any impact, so we can -- and tremendous money. You can lower your taxes for the state, great for the country. But you're in a state that has tremendous capability that you wouldn't even think. You don't think of Pennsylvania -- when you think of Pennsylvania as a commonwealth and having to do with fracking, you never -- 20 years ago, you wouldn't have thought.
But now, it's your biggest, most important thing. It's -- the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania produces 500,000 energy jobs. They'd be wiped out. They'd be wiped out. So they can -- and they can actually do a lot more if they wanted to, if they were allowed. I will allow them to do a lot more. We ought to get -- we're going to get your energy bills down at a level that you haven't seen before. It's going to make a big difference.
Hi, Sarah.
Great.
So we had VA Choice, and this was something that was so important, was sought -- that's where you can -- you have a choice of getting a doctor if you can't get fairly -- quick service. And I will say we have great doctors. The doctors are incredible, but the administration of it is not good. And as you know, four years ago, we had the best, the highest-rated VA ever.
We were at 92% approval rating, and I got two things done. I got VA Choice, and that was basically you wait. And if you don't have a doctor within 48 hours, you can go outside, get a doctor. We pay the bill, and you get yourself taken care of. People were waiting for four and five months to see a doctor, and they were not feeling well.
But literally, it was a minor thing, and they end up being terminally ill because of it, think of it, terminally ill. The other thing we did, we had a lot of people that, because of civil service and unions and other things, you couldn't fire them under any circumstances, no matter what they were. And they were sadists, and they were thieves.
There were a lot of bad people, right? You couldn't fire anybody. So they were living with people that were horrible. I got -- and these were both authorized by Congress. One was 52 years, they couldn't get it. The other was 58 years. I got the right to fire bad people that didn't take care of our veterans, right? You know that.
And we fired 9,000 people and replaced them with great people, with loving people, and those two things. And we had a 92% approval rating, and it's never been even close to that. Now here's the bad news. They're very rapidly breaking the system up, and they've hired a lot of the people back that were terrible and that we fired.
And one of the problems, it's just unbelievable, and they don't know -- you know why? Because they don't know what the hell they're doing. And the other thing is they're slowly getting rid of Choice so that they're making it so tough that you almost can't use it. We were actually saving money on Choice because you save -- a doctor would fix them up and get them back and beautiful.
Instead, they were getting sicker, sicker, and sicker, and many of them became terminal. I did one other thing, I have to say, Right to Try. That's where you have a right to try medicines that won't be approved for another four or five years. They've been trying for 50 years, more than that, to get it approved.
And the insurance companies didn't want it. The country didn't want it. Nobody wanted it. The doctors didn't want it because they didn't want to be sued. And I said, here's what we're going to do. I sat down in a room with all of them, the labs. I said we're going to make a deal. They're going to sign a document saying they're not going to hold anybody liable, and we're going to get the right to try.
And nobody really wanted to do it, but we did it. I forced it on them. We have saved thousands and thousands of lives. And even the labs now and the doctors like it because we're finding out that some of these things are incredible. They're taking people that were terminally ill, and they're getting better.
Some of them are getting totally better, and we've saved thousands and thousands of lives. It sounds so simple. I love the name, Right to Try. People used to go to Asia. They'd go to Europe. They'd go all over the world, looking for a cure, or they had no money, and they couldn't do that. They'd go home, and they'd just die.
Now they sign a simple document, and we're using space age things that won't be approved for another few years by the FDA, and we moved that time up. But we -- they won't be approved for a little while. You have to go through a very extensive testing. But if people are willing to sign that, we have saved so many thousands of lives.
So I think you understand, but we're going to go back to Choice very rapidly. Immediately, we're going back to Choice. And we're also going to get rid of the bad people that don't love you, OK?
So thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So I probably am asked that question more than any other question, they say. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. I think I'm asked that question maybe like why do you do this? Or if you had it to do again, sort of a similar question, would you do it over? And the answer to that is so easy and so emphatic yes, but the reason is -- I was saying to -- in a sort of kidding fashion the other night at a rally, with these great rallies.
And I was saying, I didn't have to be here. I was in the middle of a little bit of a rough area, and I loved every minute of it. We had, I think, 28,000 people. That's not -- we had 101,000 people in Butler. You know that. We had 107,000 people in California the other day, and I said, here's the story.
I could be anywhere I want. I could be on the finest beaches, having that sun go over that very white skin that hasn't seen sun in years. I could have -- I could be hit in the face with beautiful waves of salt and beautiful salt water. I could be wherever I want, and I have great properties all over, or I could be here with you people.
And you know what? I would rather be here with you than any other thing that I can do because you have a lot of people that are rich or wealthy, and they can do what they want to do, but we're doing something that's unique. This is the greatest movement of all time. We're going to turn our country around.
Our country is really -- it's a failing nation. I don't care what you say. I mean, we're not -- we're laughed at all over the world by other leaders. Four years ago, we were respected by everybody, China, Russia. Russia would have never gone into Ukraine. Israel would have never been attacked on October 7th.
We would have never had the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, which is -- you saw what happened in Afghanistan, the Taliban. We would have never had -- think of it. We would have never had Afghanistan. We were getting out, but we were going to get out with dignity and strength. And we were going to keep the big air base at Bagram because it's one hour away, spent billions and billions of dollars, just about the biggest, most powerful longest runways in the world.
We gave it to China. They gave it to China. China is now operating. We were one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. We gave it up. Would have never happened, all of these things . We wouldn't have had inflation because our energy was so good. Energy caused the inflation, what they did with energy.
But I said to myself, sometimes I think, I see-- I get hit with all these lunatics that we have, the radical-left lunatics where they make up stories about Russia, Russia, Russia. In the end, I wouldn't change what we've done for anything. We're going to make America great again, greater than ever before.
And we can't do that sitting on a beach, right? We can't do that sitting on a beach. So I wouldn't change it for a thing. And I just want to thank you. You've really done a great job tonight, and you have a tremendous understanding. I thought that -- I know you through sports and through other things, but you have really got an understanding of both the good and the bad of where this country is, and I appreciate you being here very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Get out and vote everybody. Thank you very much.
Wow. Thank you. Thank you very much. Hello? Hello, everybody. Hello, Michigan. Hello? [Audience chants "U.S.A."] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Well, we're not going to have this too much longer. You know, we're winding down. We're winding down. Nine years, we've been doing it, right? And now we're winding down and hopefully, we'll be going to the next phase, which is turning our country around, because we've got a little bit of a mess to take care of, don't we, huh? A little bit of a mess, but we'll get it done and we'll get it done right.
But we're going to miss these rallies, aren't we huh? But they'll be even better rallies in a different form. I think we'll say that, right, Front Row Joes. They'll be even better, but they'll be in a different form. And really the form that we want, that's what we've been striving for. We have to get out and vote.
Everybody, don't take any chances because Kamala is never going to be able to do it. She won't be able to do it, not even a thought of doing it. [Audience member calls out "Freedom"] Doesn't know how to do it. Doesn't even know how to say to do it. We cannot take any chances. So, you got to get out to vote.
And I can only say that it's been the experience of a lifetime for a lot of us. Some of you have been to 300 rallies. I see these people. And you're going to look back at this time in life, you know, and you're going to say there was something very, very special about what we all did together. We all did it together.
There's never been anything like it. We'll have everything -- we'll have everything so good and fixed up and perfect. We'll have everything perfect. And then in four years, somebody will come down and that person's going to be hot as a pistol. And you know what? They're going to draw about 300 people.
That's what you draw. A politician draws 250, 300, if they're good. If they're bad, they draw like eight people, like Biden used to draw, right? Remember he used to fill up -- remember the circles? He couldn't fill up the circle. So, he used the fake news media to fill up the circles. [Audience boos] But no -- and you're going to -- it's different.
But there'll never be -- in the world, there'll never be anything like we -- what we've done. We've done something that's unprecedented and we've had fun. But now, we have to get hopefully to work. We got to win, you got to get out and vote, and then we're going to do a real job for you all, and we're going to meet again many times, I hope.
But this has been the thrill of a lifetime for me and for you and for everybody. And now, we want to take that thrill and turn it into let's do business, right? Let's do business. So, it's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question.
I've been doing that lately because it seems so poignant. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I don't think so. It's been -- is that one of the easiest questions you've ever been asked? But I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans, with your vote, this election, most important election you've ever even thought about voting in.
I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals pouring into our country, [Audience responds affirmatively] and I will bring back the American dream. I'm going to bring it back. You know, yesterday, we had a long day. We started out before 7:00 in the morning we went to New Mexico. You know, it's sort of in play because the people can't take it anymore.
The people are pouring through the border, that's a real border state, but you're a border state in a different sense. Everybody is a -- every state is a border state. We have criminals coming in from -- they fly them in now to the Midwest. Isn't that nice of them? Kamala [Audience boos] and you say to yourself, "Who the hell would want to do it?" And so many of those people are hardened criminals coming out of prisons, jails, mental institutions.
But this is all you need to know, Kamala who's grossly incompetent broke it, I will fix it. We're going to fix it. We're going to fix it quickly. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. This election is a choice between whether we live and have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
We'll get it going fast. We're going to get it going very fast. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of your country, be excited. It's been hard to -- it's been hard to say, but now we're down to four days, four days, right, Front Row Joe? No, I mean if you think -- you know we're down to four days.
Wow. We thought it would never come, right? We thought it would never come. I'm asking you to dream big again. You have to dream big. It's hard for you to think of that because you've been so hurt by these incompetent fools that have been running our country. This will be America's new golden age. Every problem facing us can be solved, and it's going to be solved quickly.
But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands and it really is. It's in -- you got to vote, you got to vote. Don't believe the polls that were way up or we're pretty far up. But a couple of them are way up. One gentleman, a great pollster they say, he said we have a 97 percent chance of winning. I said, don't believe it, don't believe it, don't believe it, don't believe it.
I think he's a Democrat because nothing matters except what happens on Tuesday when you think of it, right? All does it matter, so just pretend that we're 1 point down. We're not, we're up. But pretend that we're 1 point down. On Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, you can't take it anymore.
You're the worst vice president in history. You're the worst border czar in the history of the world. We're not going to let you destroy our country. Kamala, you're fired, get the hell out of here, right? [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. She shouldn't even be in this fight. She shouldn't be, she doesn't deserve it.
The guy got -- look, whether you like him or not, he got 14 million votes. He won the primaries. Then they walked in and they told him, "You're out." He had a debate which was a little rough and then he -- no. But that's his prerogative. It just happens, right? And they walked in. They said, "You're out."
And he said, "No, I'm not. I won't leave." "You're out. Get the hell out. You're out." And they were not nice to him, by the way. I know exactly what went on. Don't forget I know all those people that are in the surrounds very well. They were rough with Joe Biden. And think of it, he got 14 million votes, and they're telling him, get the hell out.
And then they give it to her, and she came in last in the Democrat primary, right? She came in last. She was -- 22 people, Mr. Ambassador, 22 people. Think of it, 22 people. She was the first one to drop out. I guess that means she came in last. She never made it to the great state of Iowa during their primaries and then she -- we're running against her.
It's actually not fair to him. It's really not fair to him. [Audience member calls out "Who cares?" It's a -- that's no way -- he's got the -- right, who cares? Who said that? That's a great line. Who the hell said that? That's -- he goes -- I'm going -- you know, I've become such a nice guy all of a sudden.
I say it's not fair to him. This guy shouts out, "Who cares?" Who the hell cares? Who cares about him? I guess he happens to be right. That's very good. Thank you for adding so much spice. That was a good line of stuff. All right. Who cares? But he did get screwed. Let's face it. No, they came in. They should have picked somebody else.
They could have picked the one that came in first runner up, you know, you pick first. You know who that would be? Crooked Bernie, right? Crooked Bernie, Crooked Bernie Sanders, he got screwed twice, he got screwed with Hillary. I think he's one of the best sports though because he got terribly taken advantage of with Hillary and she won.
And he went back and he just kept being very liberal. By the way, he's far less liberal than Kamala. You know that, right? She's rated the worst, most liberal, crazy person in the US Senate. She's more so than even Pocahontas, who's very -- remember, she said, "My mother told I was an Indian." "How do you know you're an Indian?" "Because my mother told me I have high cheekbones."
Do you believe it? I actually think that's a racist comment that she made. I think that's a racist comment. Everything we have been fighting for these past four years comes down to the next four days. Can you believe it, right? We've been setting records in the early voting, but we can't let up -- in-person voting in Michigan ends on Sunday.
And if you're not going to make that, you got to get there on Tuesday. OK, who's voted? It's pretty grim. So, who is going to vote? [Applause] All right, 60/40. That's not bad. That's a lot of votes. You got to get the hell out and vote because it's now or never. If we don't do it, it's never going to happen again.
You know, there are those that say that if we don't win this election, you may never have another election in this country again. That's a possibility with these radical left lunatics that we're dealing with. Crazy Nancy -- you want to marry me? She wants to marry me. What the hell -- well, let me ask the First Lady if of that would be OK, because -- it's OK with me, but I have to get permission.
Thank you. That's cute actually. So, get everyone you know. Vote, vote, vote, get everyone you know. There's a woman named Jane, I saw her backstage, she's got a husband who's not in good shape at all. And I asked her, "Are you going to vote?" "Yes, sir." And I asked the husband, "Are you going to vote?" "Well, I don't know. We have a game, a game."
And he said, "No, this is the biggest game of all." This is a thousand times -- you know, what we're doing is a thousand times bigger than the Super Bowl. It is. When the NFL has a problem -- they had a big problem with Canada, big problem. Canada was actually taking advantage of the NFL for years, and they couldn't get it solved.
You know what they did? They called the president, and I got it solved in like two minutes. I got it solved in two minutes. This is 100 times -- they fought for 21 years with Canada. I got it solved in two minutes. They never even said thank you. They didn't say thank you. With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris and we're going to make America great again. [Applause]
I'm studying my hair, looks not so good today. It's not a good hair day, but who cares? Not a good hair day for me. Oh, I don't want to look -- but we have breaking news. It's actually bad news. It's only good for one thing. If you happen to be running against the stupid fools that created this news, it's bad news.
Bad news for the country, it was just announced a little while ago that brand-new jobs report proves decisively that Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe have driven our economy off a cliff. And if she gets four more years, your family is never going to -- you're never going to recover from these stupid people because we're being taken advantage of by every country, all over the world, including our allies.
And in many cases, our allies are worse than our so-called enemies, OK, on trade. Nationwide -- this just came out, listen to this, you got to study these numbers, right? Does anybody have a pencil? Please take it down. Nationwide, the economy created, this is the lowest number in years, a pitiful 12,000 jobs last month.
Whoa. [Audience boos] Hundreds of thousands of jobs less than what it should be. I never heard of 12,000 jobs. That's not even believable. And when they revised it downward in a few weeks, it will be much lower than that. They'll have to revise it downward. And just think -- this is not good news for them.
I mean, how would you like to have an election in four days? And you just had the worst jobs report in the history of our country practically. Now, think of it, you're running for office. They announced -- you know, the best thing they have going? The fake news because they won't even write about it.
The fake news [Audience boos] the fake news won't even write about it. By the way, how good was Bobby Kennedy, Jr., huh? How good was he? And he's so into health and all. He's going to take care of women's health and men's health and your children's health. I said, "You could do anything. You just go ahead and enjoy yourself, Bob. Just do me one favor, leave the liquid gold alone. Let me handle that."
We're going to make a fortune. We're going to make -- "Bobby, please leave that alone, Bobby. Just let me handle that." Oh, we're going to make so much money. But just think a few months ago they fraudulently claimed -- do you remember this? Two months ago, 818,000 jobs were created when in fact there were none.
It was a fraud. It was a fraud. And people reported it to the FBI, but the FBI decided to do nothing. Are you shocked to hear that? [Audience boos] It was a total lie, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it right through the election. But fortunately, there was a person known as a whistleblower.
I liked whistleblowers on occasion, and they were forced to admit it three weeks ago that they created 818,000 fraudulent jobs. There were fake jobs. And everybody said, "Oh, the economy is finally coming back." No, no, it's not coming back. They were fake jobs. If I did that, they'd try and they would impeach me, they would say, "Let's impeach him."
But now they've just revised past jobs, OK, by an additional 118,000. Now, they just announced yesterday that they're going to have to reduce some, again, by 112,000 because they were fake jobs, too. This administration is a big fat con job. The whole thing is dishonest. It's all misinformation and disinformation.
That's almost a million fake jobs that never were here, and they wanted to wait. How would you feel if you said, "Well, our economy is OK," and then we vote and we have an election and let's say they win -- I can't even imagine it. But let's say they win. And then two days later, they announced that there were a million jobs that were phony.
How would you like that, John James? No, good, right, huh? No good. We got to do something about it. They never do anything about it. We never do. These are fraudulent people. No, but how would you like, the election is over and we have this person that nobody ever -- you hear Harris, Harris. "Who the hell is Harris?" Nobody even knows who the hell she is.
Who the hell is she? Nobody knows who the hell she is, Harris. "Ladies and gentlemen, President Harris." "Who the hell is Harris?" It's true. [Audience boos] Ladies and gentlemen, Harris came in by announcing 1 million jobs more than existed. It's a fake. Like two days after the election, you feel down, you lost an election, and how about the other side? The other side is saying, "Man, they said they had a great thing going."
They just announced a million jobs. More than they had, they didn't have a million jobs. [Audience member calls out, "Liar"] These are terrible people. I'm telling you, they're terrible people. But let's bring it all together. We love everybody, right? No, we don't actually. How about her? She's always talking about -- no, I want to bring the country together.
Trump is Hitler, excuse me, I shouldn't have said that. No, she's always saying, "I want to go in peace and we want to get together as a country. And you know, the Trump people are garbage, total garbage." [Audience boos] "Oh, but we want to get together, and Trump is Hitler. And they're all racists and they're all this and they're all that. But we want to have peace, and we want to get along."
I don't even know if she knows what the hell she's saying, but it's pathetic. So, Kamala failed economic agenda, wiped out nearly 30,000 private sector jobs just recently, and nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs just over the last short period of time. Did you know that? You lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs? [Audience boos] That's better with a mic? That's better? Thank you, backstage.
These are my, guys. I'm telling you, I'm having a lot of problems with mics lately. I'm not happy. Get yourself a new contractor, please, and don't pay the bill for this contractor, and then they'll write a story, "Trump doesn't pay bills." I pay bills. You know what I do? I pay more than I'm supposed to when they can do a good job.
But when they don't do a good job, don't pay your damn bill. That's my first -- man, I got to do these speeches like three, four times a day for 62 days almost, and then on top of it, I have a mic that doesn't work half the time. All right. Our manufacturing sector is now in very severe recession. Almost 100,000 manufacturing jobs are killed since the start of the year.
Think of that. Think of that, 100,000. That's a lot of jobs, especially when you add on the fraudulent -- almost a million jobs, right? So, that's 1.1 million. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls last month. You know that. You don't hear that from these fake news people because they don't report it.
They don't report it. [Audience boos] They don't report it just like they don't show how many people are in this room because they don't do it, just like they don't show the videos. A friend of mine -- you know, we do videos now. We made a little money -- we bought some things for like a million bucks.
Can you believe it? I spent $1 million for some screens so you people could see better, right? No, think of it. Think of it. And you know the problem? I get a friend -- I have a friend, he's watching. A number of people called me. They said, "We loved your rally last night. It's too bad we couldn't see the videos."
What do you mean you couldn't see the videos? He said, "They don't put them on." I said, "Of course, they do." But they don't. You know why? Because they're told not to, and they're told not to show the crowd size where you go from room to room, from place to place. We never have an empty seat and nobody leaves early, but we never have an empty -- you know what? We never have an empty seat. [Applause]
But I said, "I want to have them show. Oh, we have it out with them all the time." A friend of mine said, "They don't show the thing." And think of the cameras, right? All they have to do is right there. There's the screen, there's the screen. All they have to do is 1 inch right, ding, 1 inch up, ding.
And they can see it, but they don't want to do that because they don't want to show because they're fake news. That's why they're fake news. And most importantly, nearly 250,000 people dropped out of the labor force last month. Can you believe this? We're in a depression? You better hope you vote for me because I'm going to get you out of it fast.
But under these losers, it's only going to get -- this would only get worse. This will only get worse. You're not going to have a country left. Honestly, if you don't vote for Trump, you're not going to have a country left. Under Kamala's nation-wrecking policies, the American worker is absolutely drowning.
You're drowning. You're not going to have your job very soon. And that stupid fool at United Auto Workers, that poor, stupid fool that runs the union, he said, "Yes, we'll go" -- he agreed to all electric cars. And I said they wouldn't work five months ago. And you know what? Now they don't work. I mean, look, all electric cars are great, but for a certain percentage of people, OK? You don't force it on everybody, nor do you say everybody has to have a hybrid, which are also great or an all-gasoline-powered car.
The only thing we don't want is a hydrogen car because hydrogen -- somebody said, "Well, they don't work, but very seldom sir." I said, "What are seldom?" "Well, you know, once every two or three weeks." "Well, what happens if it doesn't work?" "Sir, the person is unrecognizable. The person in the car or people in the car are absolutely unrecognizable. It's like a major bomb went off. But we were working on the problem. I said just -- I have no interest in hydrogen. Whoever the hell is working on hydrogen, we don't want a hydrogen car. Can you imagine you call the wife? "
There's your husband along the tree." "I don't see him. The tree is bright red. I don't see him." The data shows that 100 percent of all net job gains -- listen to this -- think of it, it's all gone to the migrants along with African American jobs are at the worst -- one of the worst levels. They're all going to migrants.
The African American -- when you see those numbers, that's the numbers your fake news are going to show you because they're going to come out with numbers right after the elections. It's going to show that all those people that illegally come across the border with their open border policy are taking the African American jobs away. [Audience boos]
So, now, can you imagine? So, you know, guys have jobs for 20 years, they've got a family, they have everything, they're doing a good job, they're good people, good workers, and their jobs are being taken away by people that just came in. It's not right. Hispanic jobs, also, to a lesser extent, union jobs will be affected, not yet, but they will be very much so.
But the African American jobs. You ought to tell them to go get you the real numbers because when you see this, it's going to be probably after the election, you're going to be really angry. You're going to say, "You know, I wish I voted for Trump. He got me criminal justice reform. He got me the colleges, historically, Black colleges and universities."
I took care of them. I took care of them. I took care of them. You know, every year, they'd that come to Washington. The heads of -- nice guys, a lot of nice people actually. After two years, I said, "Why do you guys keep coming to Washington?" These were the heads of the colleges, Black colleges, and very important group of schools actually, and great people that I got to really like some of them.
Some of them became friends of mine. And in the third year, I said, "You're here again. Why are you here?" I never asked them the first two times, "Because they make us come back every year for money" because they have funding. I said, "Why don't they give you a long-term deal?" He said, "They would never do it."
I said, "I'm going to do it. I'm going to give you a long-term deal for more money than you're asking because you're not asking for enough." And I got them taken care of. And I said, "The only bad thing" -- I said, "The only bad thing about what I'm doing is I'll never see you again. Most likely, I'll never see you again, which is sad. But you know what? It's wrong, what they're doing to you."
They had to come back for years and years. They came back every year, hat in hand. One guy said, "They make us like beggars, like beggars." These are Black, wonderful people that run the universities. They run the universities, you're right. So, I took care of that. I took care of so many things. But remember the criminal justice reform, I was called by some people at CNN that I'm the only one that can get it done because I can bring some conservative votes over.
And I did do that and I got criminal justice reform done. And it was really -- the Black population wanted it more than anybody else because it was very unfair what was happening. And we got it done. And I'll tell you -- and I made this statement, with the exception of who, Abraham Lincoln [audio gap] as president for the Black population than any other president in the history of our country.
But now, the migrants are going to take those jobs that you have, and you should demand before the election that you see it because you'll never vote for Kamala. You never vote for her. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. Kamala's inflation nightmare has cost the typical American family $30,000 in higher prices, and she's continuing to cost you an additional $1,100 for every single month.
That's because of what they've done with inflation. They took -- you know, I had no inflation. We had no inflation. We had no inflation. We went from essentially no inflation to the highest inflation in the history of our country. [Audience boos] And then they say they're going to vote for these fools.
They're not going to vote for these fools. Remember, I had virtually no -- you had no problem. You were making money, you were putting money away, you had money left over, you could go out and shopping, and your prices weren't quadrupled for a sausage, for a piece of lettuce, for an apple. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."
] Now the prices have gone so high. Everyone tells me about the word groceries for groceries. Cars, look at the price of cars, look at the price of education. These schools have -- I mean they're going crazy with the education prices. They're going absolutely crazy. But I had no inflation. I had prices stable.
We wouldn't put up with it. We would talk to people, too, if they, you know, were ripping you off. We would talk to people. We had smart people, the best people. And now look at what happened. The inflation is eating everybody alive. It's eating -- especially our senior citizens. That's why I do no tax on Social Security benefits because it gets you back to even.
But now that very low-IQ person who wants to be -- have we ever had a low-IQ president before? [Audience responds "No"] You have to know the opposition, you know, the -- you have to know. President Xi, the press hates when I say it, I say very smart. You know, if I use the word brilliant, they'll say, "He said he's brilliant. No, he controls 1.4 billion people with an iron fist. No, he's not brilliant."
But these are very smart people. These are brilliant people. These are people that like their country, maybe they don't, but they run their country tough and smart. And we have nobody to compete with them. We have people that -- it's like your high school football team playing. What's a good team today? Let's see, what's a good team? What's a good team? Oh, the Detroit Lions, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] I couldn't have said that two years ago.
Good. I got bailed out. I'm trying to say what the hell, the worst thing you can do is mention some team that's not from the area. And I'm saying, "Oh, shit, I'm in Michigan. What the hell am I going to do? I'm stuck up here." See John, she wouldn't be able to figure that out, you know? She couldn't even get off the stage when she said we have 32 days left.
Remember the teleprompter froze and she couldn't get off the stage? No, it's like your high school team playing the Detroit Lions. That's right. That's a pretty good team. They did a good job after so many years, right? They did a good job. See, that's what good management is. You get the right people.
It's the same thing in government, you get the right people and good things happen. But now, Kamala wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise your taxes by at least $3,000 a year. [Audience boos] It's much worse than that actually because she wants to terminate the tax cuts that you've gotten.
I stand before you today as the only candidate who can -- I mean, we're going to rescue this thing. We're going to be able to do it, and it's going to happen fast. It's going to be rescued. Your prices are going down. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to bring prices down. Who can rescue our economy from total obliteration and restore our country to full prosperity explosive growth and maximum strength? It is about growth.
You know it's about growth, it's about some proper cost cutting. You know who we're going to use for that? Elon. He thinks he can find two $2 trillion, only Elon. Anybody that can have that rocket come down the way it came down that sucker, right? How about that? How cool was that? He's the only one that can do it.
Cutting 2 trillion, finding 2 trillion is easy when you can do when you can do that -- and he wants to do it. You know where he is right now? He's campaigning in Pennsylvania for Donald Trump. How cool is that, right? How cool? No, he's cool. He wore that black hat, remember the black hat. He called it dark MAGA, right, dark MAGA.
You'd look good in that hat. He called it dark MAGA. He looked cool. You know what happened? I don't think we sold one dark hat in two -- I didn't even know we had them, you want to know the truth? And everything's subtle, where it says make America great again. It was also in black. So, he had black on black, that's called very subtle and he wore it and he loved it, and he did great.
He made a speech, did great. We had 107,000 people in Butler, PA, right? Honoring the firefighter Corey, honoring Corey, the firefighter 107. And Elon got up and made his speech and he did a good speech. He said, "I've never seen so many people. I've never seen anything like it." And then -- because you know, he comes sort of out of a laboratory.
I mean, you know what he likes -- is it's where he feels comfortable. All of a sudden, he's on the stage. He's got all those people, and he's wearing the hat. I said, "What is it?" He said, "Dark MAGA." I said, listen, "That hat looks great, Elon." OK. So, I sold like two hats in the last year, dark MAGA.
Nobody bought them. We had a run on the hats. They sold 71,000 black hats. Can you believe it 71,000? You make money with money? It's the way it is. It's a hot item. Anyway, has just released numbers plainly indicate our economy is a total disaster and is expected to get very substantially worse. It's a wonderful time for me to come in.
You know, this is what I want. It's just -- no, I would rather come in when things are going in the right direction, but we're going to get it straightened out fast. It's going to be -- we'll have the best economy you've ever had. You know the stock market's going up. Scott Bessent, some of the smartest analysts on Wall Street said, it's only going up for one reason because Trump's leading in the polls and everyone thinks Trump's going to be president.
They think Trump's going to win the election, that's why it's going on. Now here's the bad news. They say "If he doesn't win, you could end up in a depression, that's boy, wait till you see that. It'll be a 1929-style economic depression that will absolutely crush your incomes and all that stuff. But we're not going to talk about that because we want to make sure we win. [Audience member calls out "We'll win." And when we win, you are four days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen. You're going to be great. We love it. And we will end Kamala's economic disaster and launch a brand-new Trump economic miracle. You know, Steve Moore, a great economist. He's great actually. He is a great guy, right? He is a great guy. He just wrote a book called "The Trump Economic Miracle" just came out. It's a bestseller. Go buy it, it's great. I mean it's a great book. I mean what the hell? It's like 20 bucks. It's 20 bucks -- give the guy 20 bucks. No, it's a great book. It's a hot book, "The Trump Economic Miracle" by Steve Moore. Go buy it, it's great. He really tells us how we did it and what we're going to do. It's, you know, not that complicated. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And you know, they're going to claim Donald Trump has a conflict of interest because I'm a senior and I'm giving -- they're going to say, "He only did it because he didn't want to pay tax." Oh, they'll come up with something. They'll say, "There's some reason that he did it." No, I think -- you know, the fixed-income seniors which is 96 percent, you -- you don't look like a senior to me. Let me tell you, you look like a good senior, but I don't feel like a senior. Does anybody feel like a senior? I don't feel. [Audience responds "No"] I feel better now. I think I'm sharper and better now than I was 25, 30 years ago, you know? I do, I swear. I'll let you know when I don't. In fact, you'll probably know before me. All you have to do is watch. There'll be a day when you get up here, you say, "
Where am I?" Like Joe did, right? Where am I? Where are the stairs? Where the hell are the stairs? Oh, there they are. You'll know. I think I'll know before you actually. I think I will. But I think we have a long way to go. Good parents. You know, it's nice to have parents that lived a long time because if you believe in that -- right, I do.
I believe in that. It's called genetics -- genetics is good, not everything, but it sure as hell is good. It's better to have good genetics than bad genetics, right? And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who are amazing people, who take care of a parent or a loved one. And, you know, if we didn't have family caregivers, we wouldn't have enough hospitals.
If we doubled our capacity, we wouldn't have enough. These people do so much, and we're going to get them a tax credit. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. [Audience calls out "Drill, baby, drill."] Thank you. And I'll cut your energy prices in half within 12 months.
We're going to cut your energy prices. And that's going to be the beginning and we're going to bring your cost of groceries, foods, everything. We're going to all come down -- that's what caused the problem. The energy is what caused it because they came in and they destroyed what I had built. What a stupid group of people.
All he had to do is go to the beach. You know, he went to the beach all the time, right? Somebody said he looks great. He's 82 years old. He looks unbelievable in a bathing suit, but he went to the beach. And he had a hard time moving. You know those things, they weigh like about 6 ounces. They're aluminum -- hollowed aluminum, they're so light.
They're meant for children and very old people. And what happens is he couldn't move it, he needed people to help him. So, a kid came along who was five years old and helped. But he went to the beach -- and he had one quality that I don't have and I wish I could have it. I'd pay a lot for it. He has the ability to fall asleep instantly with cameras on.
Who the hell could do that? And you see him falling asleep and drooling out the right side of his mouth and he's -- and he gets a good rest. I don't do that. I toss and turn and turn and toss. I'm thinking about how the hell I'm going to make money for you, people. Tossing and turning, always tossing and turning, spinning around like a top -- how the hell -- thinking about China, thinking about Russia, the Russia hoax, how about the Russia hoax? Was that [Audience boos] that was another deal.
I will cut a record number of job-killing regulations. I will terminate the Green New scam, the biggest scam, the greatest scam in the history of our country. And I will end Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, saving the Michigan auto industry from extinction. And you know, I was here four weeks ago.
I was at the Detroit Economic Club, right? And we had a meeting and it was about automobiles, cars, and stuff because you're getting killed. Look, you just lost 40,000, 50,000 jobs. This guy, the head of the union -- you know I'm leading by far in the popular poll and the rank and file with the union, but they have guys that only go for Democrats.
That's all right, Shawn Fain or whatever the hell his name is. So, listen -- [Audience boos] and I told the story about a year ago. I have a friend that builds auto plants. Has anyone heard this story? [Audience responds affirmatively] Should I tell it again? [Audience responds affirmatively] Should I -- oh, there he is my man.
Come on up here. Get up here. This guy is so great. This guy -- come on up. Secret Service may rough you up a little bit. [Applause] Come on up here. This guy gets it. He was -- he got it. Yeah, look at him, look at him. Come here. Look at the arms on him, look at the arms. All I can say is, I'm taller than him, but he has much bigger arms, much bigger.
And he's a great guy and he loves this whole -- I think he just loved Detroit. You love the area. But I've been telling you for a year and a half about this incident that I had a friend of mine, John. He builds plants. That's all he does. He's a rich guy. He builds plants. If you told him to build an apartment, he wouldn't know how.
If you told him to put down asphalt, he would. But he can build a plant like nobody. He builds all of them, most of them. And he was telling me that he's building some big plants. I said, "I want to see one. Let's go. I want to see a plant under construction." I like that. I basically -- I like that stuff always.
I was always good at it, too. Always a good builder. I always built great buildings. So, I wanted to see one. He said, "Well, we'll have to go to Mexico." We know the story. "We're going to have to go to Mexico because all of the big plants" -- I said, "What do you mean Mexico? What about here?" "No. No."
Oh, this is a year ago. I said, "Really, let me see." And he showed me a plant, that's the biggest plant I think in the world, right? It's the -- it would ruin Detroit. It does probably more than all of your plants put together. It's massive, owned by China. So, China was going to come in and build one of the biggest plants in the world.
I think the biggest plant by far actually in the world, and some others right along our border. Make cars, put them into here, and you can forget about Detroit, you can forget about Michigan, it would be over. And I didn't like it. So, he told me about it a year ago, and then I started thinking about it.
And I said, "You know, if they build that plant" -- and you know they're decimating Europe, what they're doing. They're dumping cars in there like crazy. And it's being decimated, the auto industry, the manufacturing of car industry. So, what happened is he said, "No, this is the way it is. It's going to happen."
I said, "We're not going to let that happen" because if they build these massive plants, especially, this one monster plant that's so big, you wouldn't believe it. So, I announced when I was at the Detroit Economic Forum and a little before that, that I'm going to put 100 percent tariffs. And if that's not high enough, I'll make it 200 percent.
And I announce it a little before the forum actually, and I said, "No, we're going to put 100 percent and maybe I'll make it 200. Maybe I'll make it 300, 400. I don't give a damn. I'll make it whatever I have to make it." And that was it. I just made the announcement. I didn't make a big deal out of it.
The fake news didn't pick it up because they don't want to pick it up. But I didn't want to see Detroit destroyed and other places like South Carolina and Tennessee and a lot of other places, but your state more than any other state without question. And so, what happened is -- I forgot about it now, I'm speaking and I see this guy, John, the builder of auto plants.
And I said, "I'd like to see him after I speak." So, I speak. I made my speech. It was a brilliant speech, brilliant. And I saw him, and I said, "John, how's that plant going that you're building in Mexico on the border?" He said, "Sir, they've canceled that plant last week. They're not going to build it because they think you're going to win and they think you're going to put tariffs on the cars, and therefore they're not going to be able to bring any cars into the United States."
And they said, "If Trump wins, this thing is not going to work at all." But I'll tell you what, that plant will go up so fast if there's a mishap. Here's the good news. There's only one way there can be a mishap, and you know what that way is. And I hope to hell that doesn't happen. I hope to hell that doesn't happen again.
So, I'm just proud of this guy because he's been on my -- I didn't know who the hell he is. [Audience member calls out "I got your back"]
I didn't know who he was. All I know is he has very good, strong arms. I'm impressed by his arms. He's a strong guy, but he was a good guy and a smart guy, and he was against the electric cars because he said they're going to be made in China. You know, you're going to get two good years, and after that, nobody's going to work.
Did you see 37,000 auto jobs were cut this month? Thirty-seven thousand. Yep, more news for it. [Audience boos]
Well, you can tell them, OK? [Audience responds affirmatively]
You tell them. [Audience boos] So, here's the story. They're not building the plant. We're going to build those plants.
He's a hell of a guy. That guy, thank you. So, it's something. He loves the country. He loves your state. And tell Stellantis -- I think I'll send him back. He's quite good at delivering a message. Tell Stellantis that if they plan on moving, we're going to charge them a 100 percent tariff on every car they put in, and they won't move.
You know who said they're going to move? A company -- I buy a lot of stuff from them, a lot. Great company, John Deere is going to move big sections of their company from Iowa, I believe they said, to Mexico. [Audience boos] And I told them -- and I did it through -- in writing. I said that, "If you do it beware, because I'm going to charge you about 100 percent tariff on everything you make to put back. So, if you're going to move from Iowa, and if you're going to move from Iowa to Mexico, and then you think you're going to make it in Mexico and sell it over here and sell it at that cost, not going to happen. We're going to do a 100 percent tariff."
Then they announced, I believe, that they're no longer making the move, didn't they? I think. That's what I heard. Somebody told me the other day that they announced that they're not making the move. Why would they make the move? It'll cost them much more to make the product over there when we do this.
In other words, we're going to use -- look, the most beautiful word in the dictionary to me is tariff. I think it's the most beautiful word. It's going to make our country rich. And these stupid people -- look, politicians, there's only two reasons why they wouldn't want to use tariffs. They're stupid or they're corrupt. [Audience responds affirmatively]
There's no third reason. They're either stupid or they're corrupt. I just stopped the largest plant in the entire world, which would destroy your state. I think this plant made more than all of Detroit put together. You know it's a big -- and I just stopped it, and I'm not even president yet, OK? Think of what I could do when I'm president.
But I have to find out -- but I'm telling you, I told John Deere, we told them very strongly. We said, "Look, you're going to move out of Iowa. We're putting about 100 percent tariff on anything you make." It was a different kind of a plant. It was parts and this and that. I said, "If you're going to do that, we're putting in a tariff."
And that was it. I sort of went on to other things like how to get elected very easily. And I heard two days ago that they're not going to build the plants here. So, it's really -- it's pretty good, right? It's pretty good. But you're a hell of a guy. I'll tell you, he's a good -- he's a friend of mine.
I'll make interest on car loans. So, here's the thing I thought of, and it's funny, it's not that complicated. It's going to do tremendous good for your area because here's what I'm doing. I thought of this idea and then I expanded -- you know, a lot of times you have an idea and then you expand. I was always good financially, and I was always very good on construction.
In this case, construction doesn't matter. It's finance that matters. And people call me up, it doesn't sound complicated. From Wall Street, 182 IQ guys, brilliant guys. "Where the hell did you ever come up with that idea?" Like as an example, no tax on tips. I did that. Everyone went crazy. Nobody ever heard of it before, right? No, it's true.
And then that dumb woman, very dumb woman, that low-IQ individual like two months later stood up, "Today, I'd like to announce that we're not going to have tax on tips." And she got booed out of the place, you know? It didn't work -- you'd never heard a second. Nobody talked about it after that because she was -- so, you know, I don't like -- I mean, the one problem with what I do is I do it, and then somebody else copies you.
But they don't have the brainpower to get it done. So, I had this idea, but then I had a better idea using the first idea. But it's all pretty simple. I'm going to make interest on car loans, fully tax deductible. That's here, right? And people say, "Where the hell did you ever" -- isn't that funny? It's like the paper clip.
You know, years ago, long before you youngster, years ago, somebody came up with the idea of the paper clip, I think, 129 years ago, a long time ago. And he had a little piece of steel, metal, whatever, he bent it around and start selling it. And everybody saw it. They said, "Why the hell didn't I come up with that idea, right?" The paper clip.
But this is sort of like that. So, that's fully deductible. That's going to be unbelievable. But here's the problem. I don't give a damn if they buy a car in Japan or China or South Korea, what the hell good does that do for us. So, then I came up with Phase 2 of the same idea, fully tax deductible, but only if the car is made in the US. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Wow. And I announced it last week up here. I've been up here a lot because we have to win Michigan. We win Michigan. We win Michigan, we win the whole ball of wax because, you know -- and we got to bring John James and all of these great guys with us. We got to bring them with us. But I got calls. So, here it is, number one, the deductibility.
They said, "Wow, what a great idea." But then number two, you only get it if you make the car in the US. I can't say here, but we'll try steering them to here because I would love -- you know, they've been talking about a renaissance and a rebirth for Detroit for 45 years. And I got into some heat because I said they've been talking about it for 45 years.
And if it's OK with you, it hasn't exactly happened, OK? You know, I'd like to say it did, but it hasn't. And if I did, you'd hit me on that one, too, but it can happen and I'd love to steer it right over to here where it all began because it's very sad. It's very sad what's happened. But think of it you're going to have deductibility of interest.
That's a big deal. You're going to be roaring, but I didn't want it to go to China, Japan, South Korea, or any one of 10 other countries. So, I came up with Phase 2, and I said, but only if the car is built in the United States of America. Otherwise, you don't get it. How good is it? You know what? That in itself will spur -- I mean you will be spurred onward to bring back millions of jobs.
We will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet. Remember this, you're not going to have a best and biggest market soon. Your market's getting evaporated by incompetent people that are leading it, one guy who has to go to bed at 4:00 in the evening and another woman who's actually not nearly as smart as he is, would you believe this? But only for those who make their product the same thing.
This is on a bigger scale than the autos. You can build your plant here and we love you. But if you don't build your plant here, you don't get the tariff, you don't get the tax cut, you don't get it. You have to build your plant -- and these guys at Wall Street that are very brilliant guys, they call me up.
Who the hell gave you these ideas? And yet -- you know, it's just like, it's -- I always say it's like the paperclip. People don't think about it. But think of the idea that deductibility -- that's going to make it great. Vote for Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to Detroit.
Finally, Detroit will benefit, right? And it's easy. And you know what her economic plan is? She doesn't have one, she doesn't have one. She wants to tax companies. You know what happens when you tax them? They leave. A lot of these big companies, you know, they're run by -- they live in Switzerland.
They have very glamorous lives. They have the life that I could have had if I decided not to do this, actually. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] Somebody said to me, "Are you glad you did it?" I said, "Absolutely, but I could have been on the best beaches in the world." I owned the best beaches in the world.
I could have had such -- I could have been at the Great Turnberry in Scotland. I could have been anywhere I wanted to be. I could have had those waves smacking me in the face. I could have said that white -- beautiful, white skin that I have would be nice and tan. I got the whitest skin because I never have time to go out in the sun, but I have that beautiful, white -- and you know what? It could have been beautiful, tan, beautiful.
But you know what? If I had the choice, I wouldn't even think about it. I would do exactly what I've done because we're going to make America great again. We're going to make America great again, greater than ever before. It's true. We're going to pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act also. That was very simple reciprocal trade, meaning if China or any other -- I don't want to pick on China because the European Union is almost as bad as China.
They don't accept your cars. They don't accept your farm products, but they send their farm products here, and they send their cars here by the millions and millions. So, if China or any other country charges 100 percent or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them 100 percent or 200 percent tax in return.
It's called an eye for an eye, and it will all stop. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth again.
And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders because I think it's your biggest problem. I think -- you know inflation is terrible. It's a country buster. The economy is horrible. You saw the numbers. And I hope the fake news is going to write those numbers. There's a lot of fake news back there.
But I hope you'll be lucky if one guy writes it, it'll be the local Detroit newspaper or something. They don't write those numbers because they want to try and get her elected. Why? I don't know, I don't know. That's the biggest thing I can't understand. Why the hell would you want her? She's horrible.
But over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon its people. She has violated her oath and eradicated our sovereign border, totally eradicated our border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa.
Congo -- a lot of people coming in from the Congo. And you know where they live in the Congo? In jails. They're emptying their jails into this country, but they're doing it all over the world in Asia, in the Middle East, and in South America. Venezuela's released big portions of their jails into the United States, and I'm surprised they haven't done more yet.
They will. It's going to all come in. You'll have 100 percent -- but I would have done it faster than them. I would have done it if I were them. Why would I keep these prisoners for 60 years, the killers and murderers and drug dealers and everything else? They've released them all into the United States.
And you know what, their crime has gone down by 72 percent? They've gotten their crime -- they've gone into their cities, Caracas and cities, and they've taken the gangs and they've removed their gangs and they've put them into your country. Can you imagine? And this woman and this guy -- but she was in charge of the border.
Remember, she was in charge of the border. He put her in charge of the border. She is the border czar. She doesn't want to say that because it's been so bad. And by the way, the Border Patrol endorsed me a few days ago with the strongest endorsement they've ever given. They actually said I'm the greatest president in the history of our country.
I said, "Are you talking about the border?" They said, "No, the border, too. You're the best we ever had on the border, but you're the best president in the history of our country." And then I said, "Does that include Abraham Lincoln, George Washington? Does that include everybody? How about Lincoln, Washington?" You know we had some pretty good ones.
We had some pretty bad ones, too. A couple that we just had. Here's the good thing. Jimmy Carter has just turned 100. He's going to be a happy man. He's so thrilled because his administration looks totally brilliant compared to the Biden-Kamala administration. So, Jimmy is a happy man today. He's led a brilliant administration by comparison.
Today, I want to hear, and I want you to hear from a mother just made two days ago, who suffered gravely because her daughter was killed by an illegal migrant, that would have never come in under the Trump policy. And she said that, would have never come in. We have open borders. These killers are coming in at levels that nobody's ever seen. Please watch.
That's what we're allowing into our country. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And the savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that is taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.
You probably read in Aurora, Colorado, and I think Colorado has got to vote for Trump because what's happening in Colorado is unbelievable. They're taking over the state. The radical left governor has no idea what to do. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer.
November 5th, 2024, Election Day will be Liberation Day in America. It will be Liberation Day, four days. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been invaded and these towns have been actually conquered.
Think of it. We're talking about the United States of America, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or at a minimum, kick them the hell out of our country and fast. To expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, very tough one.
To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling today -- I am calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]
And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, their sanctuaries for criminals. Despite all the damage she has caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. Three days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage.
He said we're garbage. [Audience boos] He said we were garbage. It's not nice. Is it not nice, Joe? It was so bad that the White House stenographer was ordered to change the transcript. That's like "60 Minutes," taking out the answer to a question. [Audience boos] Did you see that we sued "60 Minutes" and CBS? But the stenographers who are honest and they reported it, they were told to not put down what he said, put down a different answer.
They couldn't do it because it's fraud. That's not what they heard. My response to Joe and Kamala is simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans, you can't. And you can't be president, if you hate the American people. Kamala's closing message to America is that she hates you. You know, there's got to be something there.
I think she does. I do believe. You know, she's -- don't forget she's from San Francisco. She's a Marxist or as you would say a communist from San Francisco. She destroyed the greatest city in the country, probably, you know? It's probably the best city in the country, was. My closing message is that I love America and I'm inviting you to join us in building an extraordinary future for our nation.
My oath of office is an oath of allegiance to you, the American people, and I'm asking for your vote, but I want you to know that whether or not you vote for me when I win, I will fight for you with every breath in my body. I will. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition in the greatest political movement in American history, MAGA.
It's the best movement, the biggest movement in the history of our country. I told Joe, I said, "Joe, it means make America great again. It's OK, Joe." We're seeing historic levels of support among Blacks, Hispanics, and Asians, Jews, Catholics, evangelicals, and Mormons. They're all joining our cause in larger numbers than ever before.
And now, the most amazing thing is happening. We're also winning overwhelming support from your Muslim community right here in Michigan, Muslim and Arab right here in Michigan. That's something. That's progress. And I just came from an incredible meeting with the Lebanese community in Dearborn. Last week, I was honored to be endorsed by a group of some of the most important imams and Muslim leaders in your state.
And I'm also grateful to the mayors of Dearborn Heights, Bill Bazzi. [Audience calls out "We love you."] Bill Bazzi. Where's Bill? Hello, Bill. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. And the mayor of Hamtramck. Dr. Amer Ghalib. Doctor, thank you very much, Mr. Mayor. They're great people, many Muslim and Arab Americans and friends and family living in the Middle East -- and Kamala's campaigning with warmongers like Liz Cheney.
How do you think that is? [Audience boos] They want to get the Arab American vote, they want to get the Muslim votes, so she picks Liz Cheney, whose father virtually destroyed the Middle East, right? I don't think that's -- I don't think it's working out too well. You know, it's interesting, if you give -- you know, Liz Cheney, she talks big.
Oh, I want war. She always wants war. Every time I was with her in the White House, "We should attack this nation, that nation, nations that people never even heard of, we should attack." She's a big, big, tough guy. You know she's a big tough one. She's a tough one. But if you gave Liz Cheney a gun and put her into battle facing the other side with guns pointing at her, she wouldn't have the courage or the strength or the stamina to even look the enemy in the eye.
She would have -- she sits back in Washington, "Oh, we ought to go and attack Iran, Iraq. We're going to attack everybody." That's why I broke up with her. All she wanted to do was go to war with everybody because she, like Kamala, is a stupid person. It's easy for her to say she wants to start wars from the comfort of her nice home or her father's lavish home that he got from killing a big portion of the Middle East.
You know that, right? [Audience boos] You know he headed up a company that was a big company, a big beneficiary of the wars. These war hawks, they want to draft your kids to die in wars, and they will never fight themselves. Liz Cheney wouldn't fight. I'll go with her. I'll go to the Middle East. I'll go wherever she wants, and we'll fight.
She doesn't have the guts to fight. She's all talk and no action. She lost her seat for Congress from a great state. I love that state. I won that state by, like, 50 points or some crazy number. And she lost to a very good woman who ran against her, Harriet. How good is Harriet? So, Liz Cheney lost by almost 40 points.
It's the biggest defeat in the history of the United States Congress. No other congressperson lost by that much. She lost by almost 40 points. I've never seen anything like it. If Kamala wins, only death and destruction await because she is the candidate of endless wars. I am the candidate of peace, I am peace.
People don't believe that. I am peace. But I need every Muslim American in Michigan to get the hell out and vote, please, Mr. Mayors. All right. We got to get them out and vote. No, we want peace. Everybody wants -- who doesn't want peace? Only stupid people like Cheney. No, you give her a gun, "Liz, we're going to a certain location in the world. We're going to fight it out with them."
Oh, please, I don't want to do -- but when she's there, and it is no consequences, "We should go to war with them," her and that idiot John Bolton who was so stupid. But I loved him. You know why? He'd come into a room with me, would never say anything, and I'd be with foreign leaders. And I didn't even have to act tough because they said, "Look, that moron, John Bolton, he's crazy."
He's the one with Dick Cheney, got Bush to go into the Middle East, right? Trump is going to go to war with us. And you know what would happen? They'd give me everything I wanted because the guy's a nut job. Kamala Harris' campaign is in total freefall. You see that. The press hates to admit it, you know? I guess they want to hold it -- well, I don't want to be too cute with these statements.
I want to be a little careful because you got to still get out and vote. But if you get out and vote, we're going to win this thing in records that nobody's ever seen before. You got to get out. Harry, get up and vote. You're going -- you're coming with me, Harry. Get the hell out of that sofa, Harry.
But I'm watching the game, get out, Harry. Let's go. We're going to vote for the president. Any votes -- and you know what? Harry will feel much better. He's going to feel much better because everyone can see that she's totally unqualified to be the president of the United States, and she is. Everything Kamala says is a lie.
I watched her yesterday, such lies. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another. But the more they lie, the more they smear, and the more they tell untruths, we have to go out and we have to get to vote. No, she'll say everything, "Trump will never frack." Oh, really? "Trump will never drill."
Oh, really? I'll drill -- the first day, we're going to start drilling. We're going to make our country rich. Everything she said, "Oh, Trump will end Social Security." No, I'm the one that didn't end it for four years. She's the one that's going to force its ending because the millions of people. Look, we gave you a stat before all the jobs that are leaving, but we gave you a stat -- and what did that stat say? It said that the -- all of our jobs are being taken by the migrants that come into our country illegally.
And many of those migrants happen to be criminals, and some of them happen to be murderers, and they're taking the jobs away from the Black population and so far, to a lesser extent, from the Hispanic population. But that will change, too. The only way to stop the lies is to swamp them with our votes.
We're going to swamp them. Kamala has no vision, no ideas. She has no solutions whatsoever. All she can talk -- and it's true. All she can do -- I watched her yesterday. All she can do is talk about Donald Trump.
That was yesterday. I'm watching it. I'm saying, "Oh!" [Audience chants "Donald Trump"] Thank you. No, I was watching yesterday, "Trump, Trump, Trump did it." Why the hell didn't she fix this stuff? I mean, you know, now she's saying, "I'm going to do this or that or this." There are some people who thrive under pressure and there are some people who crack under pressure.
And the more pressure Kamala has, Kamala -- the more pressure that Kamala has, the worse she's crumbled. I watched her two days ago, she looks -- she's exhausted. I mean I've been doing 62 days without a day off, and I am inspired actually. Crazy, right? I'm actually inspired. I don't know, maybe I shouldn't be, but I am.
She's so rattled and frightened that she couldn't even do an interview with a great guy named Joe Rogan. Couldn't do it. And if she can't handle an interview, she sure as hell can't handle President Xi. Can't she? She can't handle President Xi of China. She will get overwhelmed. She will melt down, and millions of people will die with her stupidity.
They got us into Ukraine. We should have never gone into Ukraine. If I was president, you would have never gone into Ukraine. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job in human history. This is the biggest job in history. And on top of it, we have to save our country.
Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish person in the White House? [Audience responds "No"] Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? [Audience responds "No"] She's like a child. I watch her.
I'm good at this stuff. I watch her. She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about. And every one of those companies will move. They'll move to Asia. They'll move to Europe, they'll move -- everybody wants those companies, but we do, too. And we're not letting them go. Take a look at what we did with John Deere.
I mean, I just heard it. I just heard it just recently that John Deere has announced that they're not going to move to Mexico. If they do move to Mexico, they're going to pay a big price because they can sell anywhere they want, but they're not selling in the United States of America, OK? And I like John Deere, and I'm a big customer of John Deere, and maybe they'll red flag me.
They'll say, "You can't buy from John Deere," and I'll buy from somebody else if I have to. But they're not going to move their manufacturing plants to Mexico unless they want to pay a very big price. This presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, people of strength and intelligence.
Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk to Russia or China [Audience boos] and talk them out of a war? Let's talk. I don't think you would. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic calamity she has put us into? And we are -- right now, we had the lowest job numbers I think I've ever heard. I've never heard of 12,000 jobs.
John, have you? I don't think so. We've done this for a long time. I don't think I've ever heard of 12,000 jobs. Nothing is more dangerous than to give an immense amount of power to a very weak and incompetent and low-IQ person. That's what you give. You're giving the presidency to a low-IQ person. We had that for four years.
We can't take another four years. [Audience boos] I mean the mistakes this guy made, and she was there, right? She was there. She approved everything. She said she'd like to have that statement back. You wouldn't put Kamala Harris in charge of literally a kindergarten class. She wouldn't be able to do the job.
So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? [Audience responds "No"] No, you can't. On top of it all, Kamala says she would do one thing. Remember this, she would do one thing different, and then she took it back because she forgot the thing.
So, she said she wouldn't do anything different than Joe Biden which is disqualifying. They've got almost a 90 percent wrong track. You know, right track, wrong track. It's the highest wrong track in the history of our country, almost 90 percent. It's disqualifying. Take a look at this.
[Audience boos] Wouldn't come to mind, not a thing. Nothing comes to her mind. Let me tell you. It wasn't so much that she -- nothing comes to her mind because she's stupid now. Now, can you imagine? You know the worst thing of all, 325,000 children are missing or dead. They came through the border. Think of that, we're not talking two or three, which is too many.
Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children went through her stupid open border, and now they're either missing, dead, or slaves. If you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. We're pleased to be joined today, and I hope this happens because he's really good, by your next senator from the great state of Michigan, Mike Rogers.
Mike, thank you. Where is Mike? Come on, Mike. Come on, Mike.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. I see a very good Hulk Hogan look-alike. Look at that guy. The only thing I thought is Hulk is about six inches taller, maybe seven, eight, maybe nine. Thank you. You look good. You look damn good anyway. But I know that -- I know Hulk is that tall son of a -- how good was Hulk the other night, right? Wasn't he great? I also want to thank Senators Eric Schmitt and Markwayne Mullin, two of the great senators of our country.
They're here someplace. And I want to thank them very much. Thank you. Two great senators and brave people. Congressman John James, a friend of mine for a long time, and he's doing a great job. Great job, Joe. And you're doing well. Lisa McClain. Lisa, look at Lisa. These are warriors. These are great people.
Thank you, Lisa. Thank you. You look great. John Moolenaar. John. Hi John. Thank you, John. Tim Walberg. Thank you, Tim. Good job, Tim. They're great people. They fight hard. They love your state. They love -- I'll tell you, they love this country. And Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., oh, he's so good. He's so good.
He's so great. Thank you, Bobby. And a man who I implored, I said, "Pete, you got to do it. You got to be Michigan GOP chairman." And he was very, very successful, as you know, politically. He was a great congressman. Everything he did was successful. And he was sort of like me, he didn't need this. And he said, "I'll do it."
Pete Hoekstra, head of the GOP. Chairman, thank you, great. We're doing OK. We're going to pull it off for days, going to win. He said, "You're going to win." If he says you're going to win, that's the good news. He knows how to win, I can tell you that. Mayor of Riverview, Andrew Swift. Thank you, Andrew.
Thank you, Andrew. Mayor of Garden City, Mark Jacobs. Thank you, Mark. Got all the big mayors here today. Township supervisor, Grosse Ile, James Budny. Thank you very much. Thank you. Mayor of Southgate, Joseph Kuspa; and City Council President Zoe Kuspa. A little relationship there, I guess. President of the Michigan Police Officers Association, James Tignanelli.
And he was so nice, he gave me a big award the other day. We have the endorsement of every single police group. And Brian Pannebecker, you met before. And Brian, I want to thank you. Brian Pannebecker. He's been so incredible. And Dr. Massad Boulos, I want to just thank you very much. You've worked so brilliantly with everybody.
And my friend, Steve Witkoff, who's a great developer and an amazing guy. Thank you, Steve. Here are the facts, just in closing. Kamala is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas herself. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of the defund the police movement.
And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. [Audience boos] Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns. I don't think so. [Audience boos] Would anybody like to give up their gun? Please stand up. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership.
And she even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention all at taxpayer expense. But perhaps most significant of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. She never lied -- she never worked. She never worked at McDonald's. With your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and we are going to save America. [Applause]
We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America and back to Detroit, Michigan, and Michigan. Thank you. We will build America, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. Would have never started if I was president.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. Would have never happened October 7th. And I will prevent World War III from happening. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military.
We will build a missile defense shield, the biggest in the world, all over our country. Made in the USA, much of it made in Michigan. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful. Again, our cities are a mess.
They are a mess, a crime-ridden mess. We will teach our children to love our country, [Audience responds affirmatively] to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And I'm going to put a bill in, if you burn the American flag, you get one year in jail, [Applause] Just happened a few weeks ago in Washington.
They're burning American flags all over the place. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Applause] And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Applause] I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment, which is under siege.
After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens and our lands. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will not be invaded.
We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free, proud nation once again. We're going to be free and proud. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And most importantly, it's going to be filled again with the American dream.
We're going to fill it up with the American dream for you, but for your kids. Your kids want the American dream brought back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth.
You know that. With your vote in this election, you can show them, once and for all, that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. [Audience responds affirmatively] It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And four days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
After all, we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We can do that. It seems unlikely, doesn't it? But we can do it, we're going to do it very fast. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. We're going to win again. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. Thank you, Bobby. Thank you, Bobby. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you.
Thank you, Michigan. God bless you all. God bless you, Michigan.
Wow, that's a nice group. [Audience chants "U.S.A."] That's a good sound. Thank you very much. Wow, that was very nice. Well, a very special hello to North Carolina. Thank you. We've had a lot of luck in North Carolina. We won it twice. We won every primary. We won everything this place. We even named that beautiful, little granddaughter Carolina.
She's like perfect. She's so beautiful. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. I see some of them right in front of me, right, like the man right over there who went through hell, right? Went through a little hell, but he's better looking now than he was when this little accident occurred.
The great Steve Scalise. Thank you, Steve. You're a better-looking guy now, Steve. What the hell is going on here? He's a great guy. I'd like to begin by asking a question, a very simple one. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] Very simple. No, I don't think so.
With your vote on Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into your country. Your country is under siege. We have criminals of all variety: murderers, drug dealers. We have some of the worst terrorists in the world in our country right now. They may live right by you.
They let them in by the tens of thousands, the worst administration in the history of our country. And if we let this slip away, we should have our heads examined. I mean we -- you know, we have a big lead. We have a big lead. The fake news, they don't tell you this. We have a big, beautiful lead. All we have to do, Mike, all we have to do is go out on Tuesday and vote, vote, vote.
We're going to win it. And if you do that, they can't win, OK? I wouldn't have said that a week ago. You know, this early voting, we've set records in early voting, which is something Republicans just don't do. They wait. But we have records. But you go out and vote, vote, vote. Look, when I just came in, in that really beautiful plane and I have all sorts of access, you know what they're saying? They're projecting us to win, some people.
I don't want you know -- no, no, no, no. I want you to forget -- I said that. Is everybody have a bad memory like the Democrats do, OK? They have the worst memory in history. They're the worst people, too. But look, you got to vote, so forget what I just said, forget what the guy who -- some guy projected me, I probably like him, probably like him, but we are, we're really doing well.
We're setting records, but we have to go out like we're on the four-yard line, not the five-yard line, slightly better. All we have to do is carry that ball over that thing. We get into that end zone. It's over. And see that's within our control. The nice thing is it's within our control. That's something nice about that, right, because we're doing really well.
Amazing the way they went out. And I'll tell you something about North Carolina. So, I was one of the first people down -- maybe the first person, I followed him and I followed that sucker storm. I followed it. But then I said I better let him just get their stuff. And I figured FEMA would do a good job.
They did a horrible job under the auspices of these two people, I got to say these two people. And you know, right now, I'm saying who the hell is running the country? Nobody even knows. Can you imagine President Xi of China or Putin or anybody, they want to call and they say, "Who the hell is running that country?" It's the first time we have a country where we don't even know who is running it.
Nobody knows. "Let's call the United States. Who do we speak to?" Most of them say, "Donald Trump. Just call Donald Trump." That's what they say. But we're going to bring back the American dream. It's going to be brought back at the highest level. And this is all -- you have to know, Kamala broke it and I will fix it and it'll go quickly.
Yeah, thank you. So, this is the big moment. We have a situation where if we do the right thing, we're going to have an America that will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, stronger than ever before. If we do the wrong thing, we're going to go home empty, and our country is going to fail. Our country is failing.
We're a failing nation by the way, in case you had any question. Hard to believe, right? But this election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. And you know, we're starting them from behind.
We're like starting them from behind the end zone to bring back the football. And we're like -- we're like off the field because of what they've done to this country in four years. What they've done to this country, they should be ashamed of themselves. This will be America's new golden age. It's going to be a golden age.
We're going to do it. We're going to -- you know, I've gone 62 days in a row doing this, 62. Can you imagine? And last week, she took one vacation, two vacations. I said you're running for something that's a hundred times bigger than the Super Bowl. How the hell do you take a day off? You can't. Even people that like me -- and they want me to, "Oh please, sir, be nice. We just want you to enjoy your life, sir."
I said, "Are you kidding me? We have a chance to turn this country into a miracle. It's going to be incredible what we do. I'm not taking any days off. We're not taking any days off, right, Mike. We don't believe in taking days off. No, but she takes days off. I don't think so. In fact, just the opposite. I don't think so. I was going to say maybe she's smarter than us. I don't think so. Now, that would be a story. Wouldn't that be a big story? I don't think so. She's done a terrible job. They both are. They all say, "
Please, sir, just mention her. He's gone." I said, "Yeah, but, you know, he had some" -- I usually like to say they did. But for purposes of this speech, we'll just say that Kamala did because nobody knows -- if I use the name, Harris, nobody has any idea who the hell I'm talking about. I don't know what that is. I say, "
Harris," and they say, "Who's Harris?" Nobody knows. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. It's in your hands. If we win this state, that will be so big. And you know what I love about this state? You had Hurricane Helene -- and I'll tell you what. I've watched a lot of hurricanes, I've never seen a hurricane that went from here down to Miami.
I mean, you know, got the end result of it. It was very wet down there, not devastation like in North Carolina and Georgia. They've all -- I'll tell you, states have done a job, but the FEMA has really let them down. They've really let them down. But when you look at what's happened and when you look at the kind of devastation, what was amazing to me -- and I thought 100 percent of the people, I was not thinking about the election.
As time went by, I started thinking about the election. In the meantime, I had been there, raised a lot of money for the site, saw tremendous people like Franklin Graham. They were there so early and he's always there. He's amazing. He's got a lot of Billy Graham in him, got a lot of Billy Graham in Franklin.
And you know, he doesn't endorse people, but he endorsed me. Isn't that nice? He endorsed me. He doesn't endorse me. But you know what? The amazing thing is that North Carolina was devastated. And yet, when I said -- when it was time to start thinking, we still have to think about this election, I said I've just seen some of the worst devastation that I've ever -- I've seen them all because I used to go and follow the tornadoes.
And we see a lot of bad things, but you had houses that were ripped apart, the foundations were ripped out of the ground. You had things that -- you just don't see no trees for two miles. I mean big, giant trees were ripped right out of the ground and floated down in rivers that didn't exist. Areas that never saw water before were became lakes and rivers.
And I said, you know, it's largely Trump areas that were hit, meaning people that like Trump, right? They're largely Trump -- I said the amazing thing is that we're going to have a problem and I want them to just be safe. I don't want them to come back and they don't have to register. They don't have to vote.
So, people lost their homes. A lot of people were missing and not found, as you know. A lot of people died. Quite a few people died. And yet people losing their loved ones -- and I figured -- and I said to my people, "I can't imagine more than 50 percent of what had voted in the past." I mean, I looked at areas that were barren, they were gone, they were just devastated.
And I said, "So I figured if you got 50 percent of the vote would be lucky." I doubt you'd get -- I would say 35 percent to 50 percent. And that was it. Nothing you can do about that, just try and help people. We did. We tried to help people. Here's the amazing thing, early voting, and the numbers finally came in.
The areas that were hit so hard broke the record for registration, think of that. And for voting, they broke the record. They never had a higher record. And these are people that don't even have a house anymore. The people of your state, the people of North Carolina are amazing. I'm telling you, it's amazing.
I would have said -- when I said 50 percent, I was sort of saying, I hope, I hope -- the people broke the record every single day every -- and now, cumulatively, the record has been broken. Now, you only have to do one more thing. You have to get out on Tuesday and vote, and we're going to -- we're going to break our own records, going to be a big difference, big, big difference.
So, on Tuesday, stand up, you have to do it, and we have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, you're the worst vice president in history, you did the worst job ever on hurricane, salvage and removal, and just the security. What they've done, it's so bad. You know, they spent their money on the migrants coming in on illegal migrants.
They don't have any money. FEMA has got no money. [Audience boos] And just look at her and say Kamala, we're not going to take it anymore. Kamala, you're fired, get the hell out of here. You're terrible. They're terrible. They're terrible people. There's something wrong with them actually. There are a lot of things wrong with them, but we got to win this race.
If we don't win, I can't even imagine, because we're right there, we're right at this step. Let's go get it over the line. And remember, you know, traditionally -- not only traditionally, like every single time the Republicans vote late, the Democrats vote early. And an amazing statistic is first time ever that I know of, we have far more votes than they have in the early voting.
Think of that. It's never happened before. I think last time we were hundreds of thousands of votes down. In fact, I remember -- I looked, I said "How the hell do we catch them?" And we caught them in fairly easily one, right? We were way down and then we came in. And the Tuesday, we call them Tuesday voters.
I think it has something to do with like you like to see your ballot go in the box, you like to be there, you want to watch it, you want to touch it and feel it. But we were hundreds of thousands of votes down last time. And the first time -- and it's like a racehorse. You know, he's way out in the lead and somebody else secretariat's coming behind, and secretariat catches him and -- not even that hard.
But it's really something that we're going to do. It's something that's expected. And the difference is that we're actually starting from in front. I mean, so we're starting from in front, and it's an amazing thing. But the amazing thing is with that devastation, the people in North Carolina got out and voted in record numbers.
I can't believe. Thank you. I love you. Thank you, And everything we've been fighting for so hard to achieve for the past nine years, it all comes down to the next two days. We've been waiting nine years for this if you think. We've been waiting nine years. And don't forget, we got more votes than any sitting president in history last time.
We won in 2016. We got millions and millions more votes. You know, Barack Hussein Obama got far fewer votes this second time. Remember -- did anyone ever hear of Barack Hussein Obama? He's been nasty, hasn't he? [Audience boos] Oh, he's been a nasty person. He's been a little nasty. I'm not -- you know, I'm supposed to be a nice person.
Oh, I was so happy to see that he was nasty. It's now or never. This moment will never come again, never going to come again. Two days, two days. For the sake of your family, for the sake of your country, for your freedom, you have to get out and vote. And you know, I love that phrase because I saw it with a fighter, it was in the 15th round.
That was when the fights had the championship rounds. It was unbelievable. Like maybe Roberto Duran, and he was a little bit behind and he was a great champion. And they said the same thing as I -- very similar except they were a little more violent about it, as they smack him. They're smacking him. Roberto, this is for your family.
And he got up and he went wild and he knocked the hell out of the guy. Did you ever see that? It's great. I love that stuff. Don't we love it? We love guys like Dana White that do such a good job, right, UFC. Yeah, but he said Roberto -- and they're smacking him. And you know, it's a different kind of a champion.
But we're champions and this whole state -- everybody here is a champion. We can all be big winners. So, everybody -- and grab anybody you can, just grab them and say, "We're going to vote." You know, who wants to watch sports on television when you have -- this is the biggest sport of all. I'm telling you, I was saying, do you think this is bigger than the Super Bowl by 100 times or a thousand times? [Audience responds affirmatively] It's like a thousand times.
These guys -- so much is made of the Super Bowl. This is a thousand times bigger than the Super Bowl. With your help, we are going to defeat Kamala Harris, we are going to win North Carolina, and we are going to make America great again. That man -- four years of Kamala have delivered nothing but economic hell for American workers.
Her inflation disasters -- they caused inflation. They screwed up my energy policy and the prices went up and everything else. It's real simple. In addition to that, they way overspent. They got trillions and trillions of dollars. Hopefully, we get rid of Mitch McConnell pretty soon because he helped him that guy.
Can you believe he endorsed me? Can you believe that? Boy, that must have been a painful day in his life. Every time I think of it, he didn't have to do that. He provided the necessary votes, what a disgrace. But we have great Republicans running, and you have one of the best of all right here. David McCormick.
You know that. Where's David? Is he around someplace? You know, we just left him. He's a great guy. But her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and the cost to families is $30,000 a year just in higher prices. That's what you paid. And just this week, we had the worst jobs report in modern history with only 12 -- OK? So, I can't believe this has happened.
Thank you, sir. I can't believe it. The report was -- came out. They thought it was going to come out after the election. This is the worst job and jobs report that I've ever seen. So, usually it's, you know, 250,000 jobs have been -- because you know, you grow and it's almost automatic. So, I guess you saw this, Steve.
That was probably the first thing you saw, 12,000 jobs were created. That's like for Walmart, that's not for a country, big country. Thirty thousand private sector jobs were lost. They were killed in a single month, 30,000 jobs. These were the numbers that just came out. Nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs were wiped out from the beginning of the year.
Those are the really primal jobs. A hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October and nearly a quarter of a million, 250,000 people dropped out of the labor force. That's like a depression. Just think a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed -- and it was a fraud. They claimed -- I mean real -- this is a serious fraud, that they had, 18 -- they had 818,000 jobs were created in the country and none were created, zero.
You know about that, right? And they got caught by a whistleblower. A whistleblower blew the whistle on Crooked Joe and Kamala. They are crooked people. They're bad people. We got to win this and get them out of there -- get them out of there fast. So, think of that. They created 818,000 jobs, wow. And even that only brought it up to being OK.
But it was -- you know, it wasn't like a disaster, but it brought it up to OK numbers. People were a little surprised because everyone knows the economy stinks. So, all these jobs that it added up to being -- you know, like not a big story. But a whistleblower was in there where they do the statistics, and he couldn't take it, and he blew it out of the water.
And the press -- the fake news back there, they hardly covered the story. [Audience boos] And now, they've just revised past job reports down another 112,000. So, that's almost a million jobs, and it was all fake reporting. If I did that, they'd say, "All right. Let's start up. Here we go again, let's go" because I've been under investigation more than the late great Alphonse Capone.
Has anyone ever heard of him? He's a lovely man. If he was with Mike Lindell for dinner and Mike offered him a couple of pillows, and if he didn't sleep well because he didn't like Mike's pillows, Mike had almost no chance of living. He would dispose of Mike somewhere in a foundation of a building or something.
You would never see, Mike, again. Mike does not want to have dinner with Scarface, right? I've been under investigation, Mike, more than Scarface. Can you believe it, Alphonse Capone? The meanest of them all. He was the meanest. If he didn't like somebody, it was over. He said -- you know, I just left another good place in North Carolina.
I had some of the best quips today. You have a wit about you. Who the hell made that statement? Gee, no, I had some guy on the other one who was screaming out stuff and it was so good. I had to stop, and the place went crazy. Now I have a new genius back there. Now, that's amazing. Meanwhile 100 percent of the net jobs created -- you've heard this.
It's an amazing thing. They've all gone -- 100 percent have gone to migrants. Did you know that? All the jobs that were created -- [Audience boos] These are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading if she's elected. You know, I always said I don't want to be Herbert Hoover. It's so terrible.
You know, he became president, and then shortly -- fairly shortly after, they ended up with the greatest depression of our times, 1929-style depression. That's what you're going to have with her. She has no clue. She's like a child with economics. Have you ever seen answers like she gives? They ask her a question about the economy and she says, "I grew up in a middle-class family, and we had a grass yard. Oh, it was beautiful grass."
Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle. We're going to turn it around very fast. You know why? For a lot of reasons, but you know why? Because we have a thing called liquid gold, and we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia and Russia.
And we took it from No. 4 to No. 1 in two years. And I was way, No. 1, way higher than the two of them. And we were going to become energy-dominant very shortly. And then, we had a nasty, little election that took place. And this time, they're watching a little bit differently, I guess. Who would have thought that could have happened? But we're going to make America wealthy again.
We're going to make America affordable again. We're going to get those prices down. We're going to get them down quickly. And much of it's going to be coming right from underneath your feet, much of it. And we can do that other countries can't. So, it's a great thing that we have -- and we're two days away from the best jobs and biggest paychecks and brightest economic future the world has ever seen.
We're going to turn it around fast. And you know an industry I want to bring back? A lot of you aren't going to care about this so much because you're not in that industry. The furniture industry. [Audience responds affirmatively] You had the best -- you had the best craftsmen in the whole world. I used to come down -- I'd build a hotel and I'd always go to North Carolina and come to the different -- I knew every guy, every place.
It's here a lot. And then one day, I said, "What happened to that company? I love them. They did a building for me two years ago." I said, "What happened? "Sir, they're closed. They've basically moved into China." The guys have stayed here. The talent -- is so talented. I used to take an arm of a chair. I said, "
Can you do a little more action on it?" "Sir, watch." Ding, ding, ding, ding. I said, "That's nice to" -- "Would you like us to carve your face on the chair?" Yes. It was like the greatest artist in the world. These guys were unbelievable, what they could do. And so then, we start buying furniture from China.
And you know what happens? I build this beautiful hotel, happened a few times, not good, very bad. A guy comes in, he's got lots of money, and he comes in to the hotel, wants to impress his wife and/or girlfriend. And he comes and nobody got --and he comes in, and he has this beautiful chair -- looked the same.
Actually not as good, but it looked good enough. And he sits down in the chair and the chair collapses and he goes on his ass. And then I get sued, I get sued. This was China. No, we're going to get that business back. We're going to do it through a serious use of tariffs because you know what? We took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China.
Nobody else took in $0.10. Nobody else. Barack Hussein Obama, you know what he took in from China? Nothing. Nobody did. Nobody took in anything. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars. I saved our steel industry. I put tariffs -- I put tariffs on the steel. You wouldn't have any steel, you wouldn't -- for all the things you make, you wouldn't have any steel.
You'd use plastic, but then you'd find out plastic isn't quite as strong as steel. You'd say we don't want to build a plastic gun or something that you build. And no, we did a hell of a job, but I took in hundreds of billions. And a lot of people like me, a lot of business people like me. The steel industry likes me.
And I wouldn't approve, by the way, the sale of U.S. Steel. This was a great, great company, 60, 70 years ago, our greatest company. And now, as you know, Japan wants to buy it. And I like Japan. I loved -- I loved Abe. Shinzo Abe was assassinated. He was a great man. That one -- he was loved in his country, too.
He was a great friend of mine. But I went back to him. I said, "Shinzo, we have to talk." He goes, "I know what you're going to say, Donald. I know what you're going to say." I said, "How do you know what I'm going to say?" "It has to do with the trade agreements, right?" I said, "Yes, it does. How did you know that, Shinzo?" "Because you're smart, and nobody ever came to see us about that? We would have been open."
Because it was a one-way rip-off of the United States. Japan got everything. We got nothing. And when I said to him, "Shinzo, I have to see you." He's a friend of mine. He said, "I hate to tell you, but we're going to have to change this." He said, "I know what you're talking about." I said, "You really understood it."
He said, "Nobody ever came to us. We would have done something. We'll end up unfortunately having to do more for you than somebody else," which turned out to be right. And don't forget I started from a little bit of a bad base because we had an agreement. So, you know, it's better if we didn't have an agreement, but he was great.
We made a new deal. We made a new deal with South Korea. We made a great deal with China, but because of COVID, I don't even talk about one of the best deals I made ever. China has to buy $50 billion worth of our product, and I heard it was going to be 15. I said, "How much are they buying," to my negotiators.
Sir, $15 billion. I thought they said 50, Mike? I mistook it. "Fifteen," they said. So, I said, "How much?" "Fifteen billion," I said? "Oh." So, then they come in. The deal is almost finished. I said, "Tell me about the deal." "Sir, they're going to buy $15 billion." I said, "Not 15 billion. You told me 50 billion."
They said, "No, we said 15, sir." I said, "You didn't say -- you told me 15." I think they were probably right, but I didn't care. I stayed there. I said, "Go back and tell them it's 50." And they did. And you know what? They agreed to it. Can you believe it? But I don't talk about it because of COVID.
We did a great job in COVID, but you know nobody really -- nobody knew what it was, it was -- nobody ever --nobody had any idea what the hell was happening. But it came out of the lab. You know that. The Wuhan lab. And every country in the world suffered so greatly, $60 trillion and tremendous amounts of death all over the world.
Look at Italy and France. Countries were just destroyed over what I think was just incompetence. I don't believe they did it on purpose. They took a big hit, too, by the way. At the end, it looked like they escaped it, man. Did it get them? It did got China hard at the end. But Kamala talks about fixing the economy.
I saw her yesterday, "We're going to -- when I get to office," she said, "When I get to office." She's in office now, just get the guy out of bed and tell him to sign the document. She said, "When I get to office, we're going to do this and that" and you know, all the stuff that she's never going to do anyway.
And I say, "Why didn't she do it? Why didn't she do it now?" I said that in the debate, "Why didn't you just do this stuff?" "I'm going to do this and that." But this was the worst yesterday because she said, "I'm going to do -- as soon as I get to office." She's in office now. So, if it's any good, do it now, but what she's doing isn't good.
So, I didn't make a big deal of. Kamala's plan will impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise taxes on the typical American family by more than $3,000 a year. And you know, she lies. Everything -- she said, "I'm going to impose a sales tax on the people." No, I'm going to impose a tariff on the outside world, and they're going to pay it for their privilege of coming in and robbing our jobs and robbing our companies for years and years.
They like to say that's a -- that the sales tax is created by a tariff. No, it's not. This is a -- you know, look, I had a lot of tariffs. I took -- the most beautiful word in the dictionary to me is tariff. If I had more time, I'd say no, it's third. I say religion and love -- religion, love, and tariff in that order.
But I don't have enough time to do this, Steve. I got to get going here, I'm a little bit late. So, the most beautiful word is the word tariff because it's going to make us so rich, and we're going to save our companies. We're going to stop them from leaving. If I were here, I would have imposed a tariff on these people that dropped furniture in our country for one third the price, and it was no good.
The furniture was garbage. I would have saved all your companies that nobody would have -- but I'm going to do it now because, you know, they still have -- they want our companies to move and get out. If we build a car and we send it to China, they won't accept it. If we send it to even Japan -- I mean they're friendly.
But you know, some of our worst trading partners are the ones we get along with, like the European Union. They're brutal, they're brutal. You know, oh, this nice village. Let's go to a village, Austria and all these wonderful places. They're brutal. We're going to lose $350 billion with the European -- we lose with everybody.
And it can be changed around in literally a matter of hours. And the president has the right to impose the tariffs on these countries that have been hurting us. They've really been hurting us. It's so ridiculous. They end up closing. Everybody loses their job, then they make it in their country, and then they send it back to us with no tax, no, nothing.
And we lose -- we lose the company, we lose the jobs, we lose sort of everything. And it's so stupid, and all we have to do is the same thing, but we have a big advantage because we have the pot of gold. See, ours is really the pot of gold. Ours is the one that they want, but we won't have that pot of gold very long because the way these fools are running, our country will be a busted -- we're going to be a busted country pretty soon.
My plan will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and for our seniors, no tax on Social Security benefits. And our seniors need it. Our seniors because they were -- most of the seniors that are on a fixed income. I'm not, but many of them are.
Did you see Truth Social yesterday? It's become a rocket ship like Elon's rocket, ship. Truth, truth. No, it's become a rocket ship. But no -- but most seniors are on, you know, fixed income, and they have to pay tax. I don't want to -- them because by my doing that, you will be at least breaking even for the pain that these people have caused you by allowing this inflation.
Think of it, you would have had no inflation. You would have had no war with Ukraine and Russia, that wouldn't have happened. You wouldn't have October 7th with Israel. No, they had no money. Iran was broke. They had no money for Hezbollah. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money. They were totally -- everybody was broke over there, the bad guys.
The good guys were doing fine. And you know what? Everybody would have done fine. All we wanted to do -- and he -- and they would have done it, such an opportunity. Iran can't have a nuclear weapon. Nuclear weapons are the greatest single threat to our country, but to the entire world. The power -- I rebuilt our nuclear base.
I rebuilt our whole military. We had jet fighters that were 52 years old. We rebuilt it with a lot of help from some of your great people in the Senate and congressmen, who are here today actually, a lot of them. And we rebuilt our military. And in rebuilding, I rebuilt -- either renovated or bought new brand, new nuclear.
And I know what it does. I know what it does. My uncle told me many, many years ago -- he was a professor. He told me many, many years ago about nuclear. And I said, "There's no way, Uncle John." But he was right. He was right. He was very smart. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill.
I'm going to drill, and I'm going to cut your energy prices in half within 12 months. You're going to be cut in half, 12 months. And we built 500 miles of wall. I heard the wall. We built 500 miles more, 571 miles of wall. We're going to add 200 more. Think of it. We were going to add 200 more, and incredible what's happened.
It's really incredible to see the devastation that they've left in our country. And we're going to turn it around, we're going to turn it around so fast. You're going to be so happy. It's going to be a miracle. To bring back millions of jobs we're going to lower taxes on businesses, but only for those businesses that make their product in America.
And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and are now protected. We're going to protect these companies that move in. They're going to move in by the thousands.
They're going to move right here, but they're going to move in by the thousands. And we are going to protect -- we're going to really protect these companies. We have to. Otherwise, they'll leave just like the other companies left. They're going to be protected. And you know who else is going to be protected? Our workers are going to be protected, and they will not have had a jobs fair like we're going to have.
You know, I deal with -- I don't know, there's something nice about automobiles and automobile production. And I was in Detroit at the Detroit Economic Club, making a speech a few weeks ago. And Detroit's been devastated, you know, just years and years and years of abuse by other countries. They took their cars.
A friend of mine builds auto plants. And I said, you know, about a year ago, a year and a half ago, I said, "I want to see an auto plant," he said, "OK, when do you want to do it?" I said any time. He said, "You'll have to come to Mexico." I said, "Why Mexico?" He said, "Because that's where the big ones are being built."
I said, "You mean, so they build them and they send them into the US across the border?" "Yes, the big one -- the biggest one of all is being built by China. It's massive. And I'm going up there in a couple of weeks ago to Detroit, and I'm trying to explain to them what's going on. They're stealing their businesses. They're taking everything."
And I said,"Llisten, very important. We're not going to let this happen." And I let everybody know at this forum -- and actually a little before the forum that I was going to impose a 100 percent tax on any cars that are coming in from Mexico made in this plant. That was only built to rip off Michigan and rip off Detroit.
This plant was bigger than practically all of their plants put together. It would have devastated them. And I made the statement very strongly and that was about it. Sort of forgot about it, and I saw him like a couple of weeks ago in the audience. And I said, "Would you do me a favor? Tell that gentleman, his name is John. I want to see him."
He builds auto plants -- the biggest. I think he's the biggest guy, biggest in the world. He's very good at it. And he said -- he comes backstage, I said, "Hey, John, how's that big plant that you're building or getting ready to build in Mexico owned by China? How is it?" "Oh, sir, that's been dropped."
I said, "What?" He said, "They dropped it quietly last week. They're not going to build the plant because they think you're going to become president and you're going to put tariffs on the cars that come across. And they've decided that they'd lose a fortune, and they've dropped the project." How about that? Does the press write that? I don't think so, but that's OK.
You know, who knows that the people of Michigan -- because we're up in Michigan, too, and we're going to win Michigan and not necessarily because of that, but we're going to win Michigan. But isn't that beautiful? And I did that without even being president. That's pretty good. So, we're going to protect you, and we're going to protect them, and we're going to protect everybody.
We're going to protect -- and by the way, if they want to build the plant anywhere in the country here in -- or I don't care where. I'd love to have a couple of them built right in the middle of Detroit to be honest with you. Wouldn't that be nice? You know they've suffered badly. No, they've been ripped, but they're going to build it.
I said, "If you want to build the plant" -- and I told him to tell the people, big, massive company, "Tell the people. I would be honored if they want to build a big, beautiful plant here, hire our workers. We're fine with that. And we're not going to charge them any tariffs." You see. I say the way you get rid of the tariffs is to build your plants in the United States of America.
That's what we want. And they're going to be coming in here by the hundreds and by the thousands that we're going to have them come right here. So, it will be really in the truest sense of the word, it's going to be America first. It's all about America first. As we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders.
And over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people. What she has done to our country -- and him too, but he put her in charge, she never made one call border patrol endorsed me two weeks ago. You know that.
They said, "He's the greatest president in history." I said, "Does that include Abraham Lincoln and George Washington?" They actually said, "Yes, it does." But they also said -- one other guy. He's sort of a young guy like 38. He said -- Border Patrol, he said, "He's the greatest president in my lifetime."
I wasn't impressed with that statement. So, I liked the other one better. The captain, I liked him much better. He said big difference between in history or in my lifetime if you're 38 years old. I think he was young, I think he was like 30. "He's the best president in my lifetime." I mean, you know, give me a break.
They're great guys. These are great guys. And they gave me the strongest endorsement. They said that, the best president -- "And the best president by far we've ever had on the border." We had the -- OK put that sign up. My favorite sign, put that sign. This is my favorite graph. Oh, I sleep with that.
I wrap it around. I kiss it at night because without that graph, I'm not here. I hate to tell you, I'm not here without that. But look at -- importantly, look the big, red arrow at the bottom. That was the lowest point of illegal immigration ever that we had no record in history of our country. And look what happened -- that was when I left.
That was my last day. It was the lowest point. And that included human trafficking and mostly in women. I hate to tell you that. Do you know that they're missing 325,000 children? And the press doesn't talk about that. Think of what that means. You know, people say, "Oh, 325,000. You know, they -- 325,000."
Do you know what that means? Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing or dead. They came in through the border. Many of them probably are slaves. They say sex slaves, actually, but many of them are slaves. And they came in through 325,000. Their parents will probably, for the most part, never see them again.
What a place we're living in. What a place we're living. But that graph illustrates how good -- and then take a look to the right. That's where these lunatics took over. Kamala, that's when she took over our great border czar. Those numbers are unprecedented anywhere in the world. There's never been a third-world country that allowed -- millions and millions of people came in, look at that.
It's like an Elon Musk rocket ship. Look at it. No, look at those numbers. So, it's a very sad thing. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world.
They come from Venezuela, they come from the Congo in Africa, a lot of people coming from the Congo. And where in the Congo? From their jails. They're emptying their jails into the United States of America, stealing countless American lives. People are being killed on a daily basis. Today, I want you to hear directly from a mother whose world has been shattered because of the open borders, stupidity of Kamala. Please.
[Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. That's taking place in different forms, different ages, but it's taking place in our country now by the thousands. These are some of the worst criminals in the world that are coming in. These are criminals, the likes of which we've never even seen. They make our criminals look like nice people.
These are tough, tough people. MS-13, they don't like using guns because they're not painful. They use knives, and they chop people up Long Island. And if we didn't have the great patriots of ICE, who are tough people, but they love our country, and Border Patrol, they're great, they want to do their job.
They're not letting them do the job. But if we didn't have those people, it would be unbelievable. We moved thousands of MS-13 gang members out of our country. And that's why Border Patrol says there's never been anybody like Trump. Tom Homan said it. He said, "He's the best we'll ever have. You'll never get better."
We had a perfect thing when this guy used to go to the beach all the time, all he had to do was leave it the way we had it, and it was just getting better and better and better from years of abuse. But we had it down to a science, and we'll do it again. The difference is it's much worse now than it was in 2016.
You know, in 2016 -- I got elected I think mostly because of the border. But that border was nothing compared to what you have right now. We put up all that wall. We got Mexico to give us thousands of soldiers free of charge. I said to him, "Look, if you don't give them, I'm going to put tariffs on your cars coming over."
But other than -- and they said -- first, they said, "We are not going to do that." After I said the tariffs, they said, "Sir, it would be our honor to give you as many soldiers as you like." And we had a very safe border and we did a good job. And most of these things that you'd watch now or that you read about, I think all of them, they would have never happened.
The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. And when you vote on Tuesday, vote in honor of Jocelyn and Laken Riley of Georgia and Rachel Morin and every American who has been stolen from us by Kamala's border betrayal. It's a total betrayal.
Remember, not once in four years did she call anybody in Border Patrol. "How are we doing?" I called them all the time. I drove them crazy. How are we doing? How is it going? Never once did she call. Never once did she visit. She visited one time in an area that had nothing to do -- you know, she liked -- but essentially, never once did she visit.
If she wins, you will live the rest of your life as second-class citizens in your own country. That's what's happening. I used to say not so long ago, Venezuela went bad. You know, Venezuela, 18 years ago was a thriving country. They had elections, they had everything. And then one day, it went bad. And it's the same thing happened there as happened here.
Same kind of scum that we have to deal with all the time. Guys like Adam Shifty Schiff, can you believe it? [Audience boos] Fake investigations all the time. The use of the FBI and the DOJ to go after their political opponent, who's kicking their ass. Isn't that great? But our nation will be -- look, we're going to be dominated by this migrant invasion soon.
And if she ever won, she would open the border. The first day, Steve would agree with this, they'll open the border. They want open borders. I don't know why. Nobody knows why. Either they hate our country or they maybe want to put them on the voting rolls. That's probably the reason. Or they're stupid, but they're not stupid because you can't be so stupid when you do what they do on elections, right? If I win, the American people will be the rulers of this country again.
The United States is now an occupied country. Can you imagine I say that, and nobody disputes it? If you take a look at what's happening in Colorado and Aurora, take a look, where they're taking over complexes of apartments and big swaths of area. But all over the country, it's happening. A lot of towns don't like to say it because they think it's bad publicity, and people won't move into that town or that little city.
But it's the big cities, too, it's New York and Chicago and Los Angeles. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. It's not going to take long. You know these guys come in. They're vicious, violent, and like military age, but they have military-quality equipment, military-quality guns, rifles, equipment.
November 5th, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America. It's going to be Liberation Day. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns -- think of those words. These towns are being invaded and conquered.
What the hell? And nobody disputes me on that. And we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country as fast as we can. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua, that's the big gang, the vicious gang from Venezuela, and MS-13 and other gangs -- they're savages, savage gang, savage people.
They're savage people actually. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. See how far back we have to go because they didn't play games back then. They weren't politically correct. They wanted to run a country, and sometimes you have to be strong. 1798, to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
We'll get it done fast. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, their sanctuaries for criminals.
Everything Kamala says is a lie. She has no vision, no idea. She has no solutions for anything. In fact, all she can talk about -- this was the other night. They'd ask her a question, she'd say, "Donald Trump did this. Donald Trump did that." All she can say is Donald Trump.
What the hell did I have to do with it? It's all she talked. [Audience chants "Trump"] "What are you going to do for the economy?" "Donald Trump" -- man, is she bad? How about "60 Minutes"? You see that, where "60 Minutes" defrauded the American public. You saw that. She gave an answer that was so bad.
It was grossly incompetent. It was like taking a thousand words and throwing them on a wall. And so, they did something that I never thought -- that I never even heard of. They took her entire answer out, every word, Steve, every word taken out, and they inserted a new answer, and they got caught. So, watch what happens.
We actually, on your behalf, if you don't mind, we sued CBS and "60 Minutes," OK. Because you know what that is? That's election interference fraud. So, their news organization, "60 Minutes" is their star. CBS News organization, in the middle of an election, think of that, changed the answer to a question in its entirety, right? I mean, I don't know how they respond to it, but they'll figure a way, I guess.
But we did -- we brought a suit on Friday against them for a lot of money. That's so terrible. Now, I've never heard of a thing like that. I think it's the worst, most egregious broadcast fraud I've ever seen. I've seen a lot of bad things happen with these people, but that's about the worst I've seen.
Kamala's campaign is running on nothing but hate and demonization, calling half of America now garbage. You know, Joe got up and he said, "They're garbage." You're garbage, I'm garbage. Meanwhile, Kamala says she would not do anything different. "I won't do one thing different." "What would you do differently?" Remember, the 325,000 children.
Wouldn't that be nice if they handled it differently? Remember, all of these things that we talked about tonight, she said, "I wouldn't do anything different." Take a look.
Can you believe it? [Audience boos] So, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. We have to stop what's going on in our country. We're not going to have a country anymore. This will be Venezuela on steroids. We're pleased to be joined by House Majority Leader, a great person. He's been through hell, and he was shot violently and viciously shot.
And I told them before, you're better looking now than you were years ago prior to that. But I tell you, you are something. This man was -- I went to visit him in the hospital, and he'd -- one thing I found out, his wife loves him. She was so devastated. I've been to areas where the wives didn't care that much.
And this wife -- he's got a great wife, and she loves him. She was so devastated. She couldn't even think. Steve Scalise. Stand up, Steve. Look great. Amazing. He got hit hard, Mike, right? He got hit hard. He's a great guy. Thank you, Steve, very much. Say hello to your wife and family. Members of Congress, Greg Murphy and Dan Bishop.
Thank you, fellas. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Real champions. Candidate for Congress -- and this is a fantastic woman. She has my complete and total endorsement, Laurie Buckhout. Laurie Buckhout. She's something, I'll tell you. I hear you're doing very well. I looked at some good poll numbers.
You're doing very well. Close it out. Get out, vote for her. Laurie is great. And North Carolina GOP chairman, Jason Simmons. Jason, what a job, great. We're doing good, right? Yeah, we're doing good. Looks like good -- looks like real good. Somebody told me they pulled out. You know what pulling out means? That means they pulled out.
They took their money and they ran because they weren't seeing good. I shouldn't tell them that. But you know, I guess people will figure it out. I might as well be the one. Yeah, they pulled out. I also want to send our prayers to everyone here in North Carolina who's still recovering from this unbelievable hurricane.
The size of it, Hurricane Helene. Kamala's hurricane response was a disgrace and it was a betrayal. It was just reported that almost 50 percent of phone calls sent to FEMA were unanswered. They didn't answer. They don't have the money because they're bringing in all the criminal migrants. You cannot trust this person to be president of the United States.
She destroyed San Francisco, and she will destroy our country. We're not going to let it happen. Here are the facts, just in closing. Here are the facts, just in closing. Kamala is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders and Pocahontas herself. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of the defund the police movement.
And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being president of the United States. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE, and she pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
And perhaps, worst of all, she never worked at McDonald's. Not, it's a lie. It was a lie. She's a liar. With your vote on Tuesday, we are going to fire Kamala, we are going to save America. We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America.
And we're going to bring them back -- a lot of them back to North Carolina. We love this place. Always been -- it's always been so good. So good, just so good. We will build America, and we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. Would have never happened if I were president.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III, most importantly, from happening. I mean, we're -- we got people negotiating on our behalf. They have no -- they don't have a clue. You'll end up in World War III. Yeah, that's true. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our entire military. We then gave a big chunk to Afghanistan. Wasn't that a lovely gift? And now, every year, they have a parade where they go down their main boulevard, showing our beautiful equipment that we gave them so stupidly. We will build a missile defense shield, all made in the USA.
Big one, big beauty. A lot of it's going to be made right here in North Carolina. We will rebuild our cities including our Capitol in Washington DC. We will get all the graffiti off of those beautiful marble columns, and we'll make those cities safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell off our schools and out of our schools. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, Second, amendment, which is under siege. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our nation, defend our borders, and protect our citizens and our lands.
We will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
And of course, it will be filled with the American dream once again. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her left-wing, radical, crazy agenda of open borders and all other things. And we're going to have, on Tuesday, a landslide that's too big to rig, too big to rig. Right, Mike, right? So, please get out and vote.
Get your husband. I know he'd like to watch television that day. Say, "Harry, get the hell out of this country. You're going to vote for the president today, Harry." "But darling, I'd like to watch a little more time." "Get up, Harry." We know who the boss is, right? For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on earth.
With your vote in this election, most important election we've ever had, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them, this nation belongs to you. It's very simple. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And two days from now, think of it, two days -- oh, it's so beautiful.
Two days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country after all we have been through together. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We'll get it turned fast. With your help, from now until Election Day, two days, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love so much.
We love our nation. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever surrender, right, Steve? Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. Going to win, win, win. [Audience chants "Fight"] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and you will be so proud that you cast your vote the way you did.
And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. It's going to be so strong. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great.
Again, thank you very much, North Carolina, and God bless you all. God bless you. Go and vote. Thank you, Mike. Great, very happy. Thank you. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, everybody.
Hi. Thank you.
Well, not really, but it's a little bit sad. We've been together a long time as a candidate. Now, we can be together maybe toward making America great again because we have to do that.
I think we're leading in every state, every swing state. I think we're even picking up maybe some states that traditionally don't go Republican. People want to see change. They don't want to have borders where murderers are being released into our country and many others, drug dealers; where jails are being emptied out into our country.
I happen to think it's the biggest issue. I think inflation would be second, the horrible inflation and economy. I mean, the economy went bad because of inflation. We had no inflation, whatsoever. We had a great economy, maybe the best ever. I think the best economy anyone has ever had. And when you see what's happened to our country, it's very sad.
But when you see what they're allowing to come into our country and kill people -- just randomly just kill so many people. Young girls are dying left and right. We can't let this happen. I think it's the most important issue. And we're talking about by the thousands. They're coming in by the hundreds of thousands and even the millions.
And so, they have 21 million people released into our country through a ridiculous open border policy of Kamala. You have to blame her because she was put in charge of the border by Biden, who went to sleep at 4 o'clock. And she's done a horrible job. And by the way, I think it's very important for your listeners to know that the Border Patrol endorsed me powerfully and said she was horrible.
They said I was the best ever and that she is the worst ever. So, it shouldn't be that much of a choice.
Correct. And defund the police.
And defund the police. Don't forget, she was one of the leaders of defund the police. That means it's in her psyche, defunding the police. We have to do the opposite. We have to let the police do their job. We can't take away their house and their pension and their family and everything else if they are a little bit more aggressive.
We have -- our country is a crime-ridden country. When they go into department stores and they strip the store, they strip the store, and our police are standing out there wanting to do their job, but they're told, "Stand down. Don't touch anybody." And they're walking out with refrigerators, and they're walking out with air conditioners. And there's hundreds of --
Yeah, yeah. Well, that was her policy.
Under -- anything under $950, you don't prosecute. But really, it's much worse. They don't prosecute anyway. The only ones they go after is me, people like me. They go after Catholics. They go after -- and evangelicals will be next. This is a horrible group of people. These are very dangerous people.
Yeah.
Right.
That's right.
Oh, well, first of all, they have no joy. They took it away from a man. I'm not a fan of Biden, obviously, but he got 14 million votes. She got no votes. She was the last in -- 22 people ran, she was last. She came in last, never made it to Iowa. They went in, and they said, "You're not running anymore. We're taking it away."
They took it away, and he gave up much more easily than I would have thought he would have. But this is not a campaign of joy for them. It's a campaign of hatred. You know, my father -- and I mentioned this for the first time. Yesterday, I was in Pennsylvania, and I mentioned it. I said, "My father, when I was young, 'Never mention the name Hitler, ever.'"
He was tough on it. Somebody would say Hitler, "Never mention that name." Nazi, "Never mention -- never mention that name." And he meant it, too. And it was a word that you never used. You know, you never use those words --
And now --
They accused me of being a Nazi. They accused me of being a Hitler-type guy or a Hitler-lover. And I'm not. I'm the opposite. They're the ones that are doing -- they're oppressive. This is like an oppressive machine. And, you know, they also happen to have the press, for whatever reason. But think of their -- think of what they're fighting for.
They're fighting for open borders where millions of people can pour into our country. Think of it, millions. Who would -- who can get elected with that? They're thinking of having men playing in women's sports. You know, it's interesting. I've been a politician now for nine years. I can't -- I hate to say I'm a politician, but I guess I'm a politician.
Nobody's ever come to me and said, "Sir, it's really important that we let men play in women's sports. Sir, transgender operations all over the place are really important." Nobody ever brought this stuff up. They bring up could you lower taxes, could you do this, could you do that, could you help me here, my businesses, you know, etc.
, etc. They bring up a lot of things. But nobody ever came to me and said, "It's really important that we do this. Men should play in women's sports." I think it's got a constituency of about -- about almost nothing.
And yet, they do it. Maybe it's because they want to destroy the country. I don't know.
Sure.
So, a young man leaves for school and goes to school, and the authority takes him over without parental consent and they do things to him that you don't want to know about. I mean, is this supposed to be America? I don't think so.
These people are radical people. And let me tell you, she's not a smart person. She's a low-IQ individual. I've said it for a long time. She speaks so slowly. Everything is so slow. She thinks of answers. They ask her a question, she talks about she was growing up with a lawn growing on her front yard.
Everything is like crazy. "60 Minutes" protects her. "60 Minutes" takes out her answer and puts a new answer in because her answer was so bad. Could you imagine them doing -- I would love to have them do it for me. Think of it, Sean. "60 Minutes," CBS. They should lose their license. This isn't just editing.
They took out her whole answer, every word, and they put a totally different answer in so that she looked better because she looked like a very stupid person if they would have left the original answer.
I've never even heard of a thing like that.
Nobody wants to talk about --
Over 300 people --
From the administration, the most respected people. I see even Bill Barr's name was mentioned, and I said, "Well, that's nice," because he understood -- look, he understood I did a hell of a good job, and so did everyone. They signed a document, over 300 people. The press will not put it out. I'm so glad you asked.
Thank you for asking this question. But I had over 300 of the top people from intelligence, generals, everybody, from the administration saying, "Trump was a great president." But the press won't put that out. They just don't. Look, we have a very, very corrupt and dishonest press. And I think, with time, it gets better because they're all doing pretty badly.
Right. Right.
But it's the only thing they can do, Sean, because, look --
I had the best economy in history. I had the strongest border and the border wall. I built 500 miles of wall. And without that wall, nobody could do anything. You couldn't -- they -- remember, they used to say, "You don't need a wall." What are you going to do? Send some drones up to look [Inaudible]
Yeah. But now, they have to do it.
Now, they have to -- in the meantime, they put in for funding to do a wall. Look, I had the best economy ever. We cut more regulations than ever cut. I had no wars. Think of it, no wars, except I finished off a war that they couldn't finish. They wouldn't have finished it off in 10 years. I did it in a few weeks.
ISIS. I knocked out ISIS. I rebuilt our military. I gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of our country. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We were lapping -- think of it. We were lapping China. I took out hundreds of billions of dollars from China in the form of taxes and tariffs nobody thought it was even possible.
And China respected us, and everybody respected us. Viktor Orban said, "He was the most respected leader." And now, we have these clowns that -- that look so bad. They make us look so bad. Nobody can believe what's happened to our country.
Yeah.
They only go after consequential presidents. I'm very consequential. I make China pay. I had Iran ready to make a deal. They would have done anything. Now, they -- they have $350 billion. They were broke with me. And I would have been very good to Iran. They -- I had to have one thing, no nuclear weapons.
You can't have nuclear weapon. Nuclear weapons are the greatest danger to our country going forward, to the world going forward. It's not global warming. I'm an environmentalist. I do great things. We have the cleanest air. We have the cleanest water. But if the ocean rises one-eighth of an inch over the next 500 years, we'll handle that.
What -- what we don't want is global warming of the nuclear variety, and that could happen tomorrow.
Yeah.
If that. If that.
Right. That's right. They did the best.
I still have -- I have no idea who he is. Somebody said there was a comedian that joked about Puerto Rico or something, and I have no idea who he was. Never saw him, never heard of him, and don't want to hear of him. But I have no idea. They put a comedian in, which everybody does. You throw comedians in.
You don't vet them and go crazy. It's nobody's fault. But somebody said some bad things. Now, what they've done is taken somebody that has nothing to do with the party, has nothing to do with us. He said something, and they try and make a big deal. But I don't know who it is. I don't even know who put him in.
And I can't imagine it's a big deal. I've done more for Puerto Rico than any president, I think, that's ever -- that's ever been president. I -- when the hurricanes came, I rebuilt -- I helped them rebuild their electrical system. I helped them rebuild dams and everything else. That place was hit by so many hurricanes.
It's almost like hurricane -- hurricane alley. I've never seen anything like it. And Puerto Ricans love me because I was the president that stood up for them more than any president. I've had great relationships with Hispanics, but I've had really great relationships with Puerto Rico and people from Puerto Rico.
They love -- every time I go outside, I see somebody from Puerto Rico. They give me a hug and a kiss. I gave them more money. I sent the hospital ship when they had one of the big hurricanes. They had no hospitals. The hospitals were wiped out. I sent the big Mercy ship. I sent it to Puerto Rico fully equipped.
It took care of things. I mean, they love me in Puerto Rico, and I love them. I was -- I was there handing out food. I got in trouble for that, too, because we were having fun. We had a lot of people, and I was throwing paper towels to the back. They were all having fun, everybody. And the fake news came, "Oh, that was very disrespectful to be throwing towels."
No, I have unbelievably good relationship with Puerto Rico and the Puerto Rican people. Who this comedian was? I have no idea.
Yeah, I mean, I -- I don't know if it's a big deal or not, but I don't want anybody making nasty jokes or stupid jokes, but probably he shouldn't have been there. Yeah.
Well, talks actually about confiscation of your guns.
They're not a buyback.
They're going to confiscate your guns.
If she wins, they will confiscate your guns.
It's going to be about --
It's going to be about everything.
Health care.
It's going to be about health care, taking care of people. It's going to be about things other than what you would typically think coming from me. We're going to take care of our borders immediately, day one. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We have more liquid gold than anybody else, including Saudi Arabia.
We were energy-independent. We would have been energy-dominant. Well, I'll tell you, ANWR in Alaska, I got it approved. Reagan couldn't do it. This is the biggest find anywhere in the world. It's the size of Saudi Arabia. Some people say it might even be bigger. Think of it. Saudi Arabia in our country, Alaska.
They were all ready. I got it approved. I got everything done. Biden cames in -- comes in, the first thing he does is end it. We would have been supplying oil and gas to China, to all of Asia. It's Alaska. To Japan. We would -- it would have been unbelievable. We would have been paying down debt. He comes in, and he rejects it because the environmentalists, "Oh, reject it."
It has nothing to do with the environment. It's good for the environment.
Very quickly.
Yeah.
We would have taken over Western Europe. Oil prices will go down, and Vladimir Putin wouldn't be able to prosecute the war. Look, when they came in, they screwed up my energy program and the prices went through the roof and Putin went in. If I were president, that would have -- number one, we wouldn't have had inflation.
Oil wouldn't have gone up like it did. But it got close to $100 a barrel. He made a lot of money during the war. At $100 a barrel, he makes money. At $40 and $50 a barrel, he wouldn't have even thought about doing it. Biden forced him. He said -- he said, "We're going to raise the price of oil." Oil went up to $100 -- almost $100 a barrel.
It would have gone up even more. You know what they did? They went back to my policy and got it down a little bit, but only a little bit because it wasn't really my policy. Right now, we would be -- we would have three to four times more than what we're doing. But if they didn't go back to my policy, you would have been paying -- you would have been paying literally $20 a gallon for gasoline for your car.
They want to get rid of all gas. I will end that immediately, by the way. You're going to be able to get a gas-powered car. You're going to be able to get a hybrid. You're going to be able to get an electric car. But they have -- they want --
Of course. They want to force -- and nothing wrong with electric, but they want to force everybody to electric. Everybody doesn't want electric.
So, Elon has a lot of roles he could take because he's a very exceptional guy, but he has a thing. He -- he feels there's such waste, fraud, and abuse in our budgets, and he's right. And he's a great cost-cutter, and he'll cut costs without anybody even knowing it. Nobody's going to know. Nobody's going to feel it.
He will cut costs, and he feels he can save $2 trillion. If he does that, our -- our budget is more than balanced.
I can -- look, you have a lot of very --
You have a lot of [Inaudible] people.
I -- I looked at the two that we're talking about. I'm disappointed the -- that the FBI hasn't opened up some of these phones, and one guy had six phones, and the other one had three apps, and two of the three apps supposedly were foreign-based. I mean, maybe there was something to it. They should be looking at it.
They should be opening up those phones. Why haven't they opened up the six phones and why haven't they opened up the three apps? So, the first one had three apps, and I think they were encrypted and it was -- they were foreign. Think of it, these were foreign apps. Wouldn't you think they'd be opening them up?
It's a strange -- look, we have a strange situation going on. I will say this. I don't think there's ever been a president that's had more support and strong support than I have. When you mentioned Madison Square Garden before, everybody said, "You can't do -- how are you going to ever fill up Madison Square Garden?" I said, "Well, I filled up the Nassau Coliseum, and it's almost the same size."
And we could have filled it up three or four times. I mean, the crowds, there were the same thing. And when I saw that, I said, "Let's go for Madison Square Garden."
New Jersey was --
New Jersey was 107,000 people.
I would tell them -- and even if I didn't like my opponent. They can't love me because I'm very critical of them. But I'm critical for a reason, because they don't know what they're doing. Look, we have wars. The Middle East is blowing up. Ukraine would have never been attacked by Russia if I were president.
October 7th would have never happened in Israel. All those people would be alive. We wouldn't have had inflation. We wouldn't have had -- Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in our history, would never have taken place like that. We would have kept Bagram because it was one hour -- the biggest air force base, one of the biggest in the world.
We gave it up to China. China occupies it now, not -- not Afghanistan. We gave it up to China, one hour away from where China builds its nuclear weapons. Wouldn't it be a great thing if we had that? We walked away. We have incompetent people running our country. They're very dangerous people. They're dangerous because they're incompetent.
She's grossly incompetent, plus she's a radical left person. And any person that has her ideology -- I mean, you could go through her ideology. It's the ideology of a communist, and this country is not ready for that. And I don't think it ever will be. If it is, we're in big trouble.
Not only are you right when you say that, I'm -- when you say good time, it's hard to say I'm having a good time because, you know, yesterday, I did three rallies. I did, you know -- I've --
I've gone 58 days in a row, no days off.
I -- I am amazed. She's taken two days off in the last few days. I said, you know, you're -- you're getting down -- I think it was down to like -- we were down to 14 days and she was taking days off all the time. And, you know, she only does -- you know, she'll do like one little event, and they don't get any people at their events.
You know, they bus them in. I don't bus anybody. They bus them in. They don't get people. And when they leave -- you -- you saw Beyonce. They came in to see Beyonce. Beyonce didn't sing, they all left, and she's standing there making a speech. There was nobody there, and everybody was screaming and cursing because of what happened.
Look, we have a real campaign. This is a movement like we've never had in this country. And it's not a question of am I having a good time? I think we're making tremendous progress. We have to save the country. Our country -- we are a nation in decline. I say it, we're a nation in serious decline, and we can't go through another four years.
I don't think we could go through another year like this. We have criminals coming into our country at a level that's never been seen before. And to me, the biggest thing -- I know the polls say the economy and inflation and everything, but -- and -- and the border is No. 3. I think the border is No.
1. For a really great American, the border is No. 1 because we're allowing tens of thousands. Think of it. It was announced -- the Border Patrol, which is so great, they did things which they've never done before. They announced last week how many of different crimes are coming in. They said 13,099, exact, murderers, people that murdered people that were in jail have been released into our country.
They said 16,000 drug lords, drug dealers. I mean, everything's exactly detailed onto. They never did that before. They never -- they announced the total, but they wouldn't say what the crimes were. Think of it. They've released over 13,000 convicted killers, many of them killed far more than one person, and they're now roaming the fields of our country.
We made America great. And now, we're going to make America great again. We're going to make it great again. And we have the formula. It's down path. This country, we're going to have jobs, we're going to have countries pouring back into our country. You're going to see something. And now, I know everybody in Washington.
I didn't know anybody. I was not a Washington person. I was rarely there. I know everybody. I know the good, the strong, the weak, the stupid. I know the -- I know everybody. And we're going to make this country great again. And we have to save our country. If they won this election, our country is finished.
She's going to raise everybody's taxes. Every company is going to move out of America. We're not going to have any -- she would force them out of America. She doesn't know what she's doing. She's not a smart person, and she doesn't know what she's doing. We're going to use certain things against other countries that have taken advantage of us, having to do with the most beautiful word in the dictionary called tariff.
And we're going to make so much money in this country. We're going to pay off our debt. We're going to do things that nobody thought possible, and it's going to happen all quickly. But Elon --
So, in Mexico, which is a real threat to us, by the way, in two ways, they're killing hundreds of thousands of people by letting fentanyl and other things come through our border. We should stop it. I had it stopped. I had it very close to stopped. I had the strongest border in history. Now, we have the worst border in the history of the world.
I had the strongest border. The day -- you saw the chart. The day I left office, I had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the worst border ever in the world. There's never been a border in the world where 21 million people were allowed to come across almost at one time. It's crazy what we're -- what we're doing.
But we're going to have a country that's going to be strong and respected again. We're going to have a country where the taxes are going down, where the quality of life is going up. We're going to have a country -- they don't respect us. You know, it's interesting. I went to Abe of Japan, Shinzo. He was a great friend.
He was assassinated. He was a great gentleman. I said, "Shinzo, your deal with us is horrible." He said, "I know you were going to come." I said, "What do you mean?" He said, "I knew, at some point, you would come." For 25 years, nobody came. He said, "No American ever came to renegotiate the deal. I knew you were going to do it."
And I renegotiated the deal. And I was stuck with a bad deal to start off with. We had a bad deal with Japan. This is Japan. But I renegotiated with South Korea, where they said -- now, don't forget, I'm negotiating from a bad place because they have these deals that were made by people that were either really stupid or -- or corrupt.
They had to be corrupt to make these deals. We have the worst trade deals. I was fixing these trade deals. I was taking care of our country. But the bottom line is this. We're going to be respected again. We're going to make America great again. And there's nothing in the world I'd rather be doing. I don't want to be in some beautiful beach.
I don't want to be sitting in some faraway hotel where it's very nice and watching television or doing something. I want to be doing what I'm doing. It's so incredible. We've made such -- and this is a movement. By the way, this isn't -- this is a movement maybe like the world has never seen, MAGA, Make America Great Again. The world has never seen a movement like this.
And I think we're doing very well. We're leading everything. We're against the opposition, and the opposition is also the fake news media. They're terrible.
They're really terrible.
No.
Interest rates are coming down big. Energy prices are coming down. I'm going to have everybody's energy bill, from a year from January 20th when you take office, cut in half. When that happens, everything else comes down with it. Oil is so big. It's so important. And everything's going to come down. But we're going to have inexpensive energy.
We're going to have companies moving to our country at record -- at record clips because, otherwise, they're going to have to pay to do business with our country. And you don't have to pay if you build your plant inside our country and you hire our workers. We are going to have a country the likes of which -- and we were getting there.
We were very close. Look, I had the greatest economy in the history of our country. I met with two pollsters, McLaughlin and Fabrizio. They said, "If George Washington came back from the dead and he brought along Abraham Lincoln as his vice president, they couldn't beat you, sir." And then two days later, we had the period of time where we had COVID.
I mean, they said it. I mean, they said it. But --
You have a deal. No, you've been a great friend. You're a very talented guy.
And you've always been fair. I don't want any special favors. I just want fairness. You've always been fair, and I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Oh, this is some crowd. This is -- what a group. I know so many of the people, all these people. They're tough as hell. They're from Georgia; they should be tough. I want to just say a special hello to Georgia. You have a lot of excitement going on outside. You know that, right? Right, Kelly? We have a lot of excitement going on outside.
We're doing very well, they tell me. But, you know, one day is not too much but looks like we're doing pretty well. What do you think? Congressman Barry, right? I hear we're doing well. I'm thrilled to be back in the incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are.
You are hard-workers, and it's going to pay off. We're going to take back our country. We're going to turn it around so fast. Before we begin, I want to send our love and prayers to everyone here in Georgia hit by the hurricanes. You got hit hard. As well as Florida and North Carolina. They really got hit hard.
South Carolina got hit pretty hard. Virginia, Alabama, and Tennessee, that's a lot of hurricane. That was a big hurricane. I thought we were sort of over. Yeah, that's Trump country. You're right. It's -- it's Trump country. It is indeed. We love it. We love the people. We wish they took better care of Trump country, right? Our hearts are with the families of every citizen who was tragically lost and all of the people who lost their home.
A lot of homes were lost, too. A lot of people were lost. The citizens of Georgia are tough and resilient, and this state is going to come back stronger than ever. We're going to make sure it comes back stronger than ever. And I want to thank your governor, Brian Kemp. He's done a really good job. And his staff for the work he's done and they've done.
And God bless you all. Despite the storm, early mail-in voting in your state is now underway, and early in-person is underway. But I'll tell you what, I'm hearing very good things now. It hasn't been going on too long, but we're seeing numbers. They're saying, "Wow, those are big numbers." So -- in fact, they set a record for the number of ballots today, right -- a number, right? So, if you have a ballot, return it immediately.
If not, go tomorrow as soon as you can. Go to the polls and vote. Then for the next 21 days, get everyone you know to get out and vote. We don't want to take a chance. We can't lose this country. We're going to lose our country if we -- if we're not successful, we're going to lose our country. From the very beginning of this journey, I've been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment.
And are they corrupt? $500,000 for a painting, that's not good, is it, huh? I said, "Well, that one, they'll never get away with, Byron." I said no way. How did Byron do? Did he do a good job of it? [Audience responds affirmatively] All right? Great. Great guy. Stand up, Byron. Big star. Barry, he's going to be -- he's going to be a big star, this guy.
Do I have him, right? He's going to be a big, big -- he already is a big star if you get right down to it. Thank you very much. Good job. I heard every word. I was taking pictures. I said, "Boy, that guy is doing a good job." And to give you back the country that you believe in, the country you were born in, and the country that you deserve, that's what you want.
Everywhere you look under Kamala Harris, the American standard of living is in a free fall. Nothing works. Do you ever notice nothing works? It's like everything they touch turns to -- I won't say it. [Audience members call out "Say it"]
No. Everything they touch, including their rescue plan, which they didn't even have a plan. You're working more hours for less money to afford smaller houses, worse cars, fewer groceries with absolutely nothing left to save. Our schools don't teach. Our cities are unsafe. Illegal aliens are pouring in by the millions and millions and millions, and we're teetering on the brink of World War III.
Other than that, I think we're doing quite well. Kelly's saying, "Man, this is really depressing." But exactly three -- and look, we're down -- we're down to the wire now when you think, huh? Three weeks from tonight, the people of Georgia are going to end Kamala Harris' reign of failure, and we are going to launch a new golden age of American success for the citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed.
It's going to be a golden, golden time, and I want to congratulate -- I want to thank a man named Elon Musk because he did a big favor. He did. You know, when I was down here -- early on, I was down, and we were with the folks. And they were going -- "Sir, we -- we need Starlink." I said, "What the hell is Starlink?" He said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" It's the most incredible thing because especially in North Carolina, they had no communication whatsoever.
They were just -- right, Barry? They were just wiped out, and they had no communication. And it's hard to get. It's hard to get. So, I called up Elon, and he -- he endorsed me. He gave me the greatest endorsement. And how about that rocket, the way it came in yesterday? Was that -- oh, was that crazy? Was that crazy? You know, I was on the phone with somebody, and I have the television on, no sound or anything.
And I'm looking at the screen, but I'm talking to somebody. I guess it couldn't have been that interesting. [Inaudible] somebody. And I'm -- I'm watching the screen and this big monster. You know, the thing is like 20 storeys tall, and it's coming down. The fire is pouring out of it from all angles. And I say, "I don't know. Could you hold on a minute? I want to -- there's something happening on television. I've never seen anything like this, Brandon."
The great Brandon Beach. Does everybody know, Brandon? Great. Thank you, Brandon. What a good patriot he is. But I said I've never seen anything like this -- so -- that's coming down, down, down. And I said, "Oh, man, it's going to be terrible. It's going to hit the gantry" or whatever they call it. It's going to hit it.
It's going to knock it over our Marjorie Taylor Greene. It's going to knock it over. It's going to knock it on its ass like you knock your competitors on their ass, Marjorie. Right? And she does. She is highly respected, let me tell you. Smart. So, it's coming down, and I didn't like the angle. I said, "Come on, baby."
And then all of a sudden, you see that fire pouring from the right side. It straightens out. Boom. I mean, the thing -- and I said, "That was amazing." And I forgot the guy that was on the phone. He was -- he was -- you know, they have a certain respect where we're leading everybody, so they hold on forever.
You know, they would have held on for Doug. They would have held on for an hour. But I just totally forgot because I've never seen anything like this. So, Elon -- I said, "Elon, could you do me a favor? Starlink." "Yes, what would you like about it?" I said. "They need hundreds of them in North Carolina and also in Georgia. They really want them in Georgia, too, because they lost their wires. They're down."
And I'm talking to him, and as I'm talking, I get a call from somebody in North Carolina. "Thank you for the Starlink." And I said, "How the hell did you do that?" [Applause] No, it's true. Elon. He's different. No, he's different. And I said, "Elon, I don't know what Starlink is, but they like it." They like it.
But no, it was sort of funny because I'm on the phone and it's all -- it's all done. And I'll tell you what, it got here and it was delayed once it got here. There was -- bad things happened, you know, that's happened with a lot of people. But they -- ultimately, they got it. And I said, "How does it compare to the lines?" They said it's better.
And, I mean, the guy just is a fantastic guy. So, we want to thank him for his big endorsement. And he really does. You know where he is right now? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning for me. Isn't that crazy? He's in Pennsylvania campaigning. And we were in Butler Pennsylvania honoring Corey, the firefighter who lost his life.
Two other good guys by the way -- two other very good guys. But he lost his life. And Elon was there, and he wore the black hat. I didn't -- I did not know we had a black hat. It's black with black letters, OK? And he called it dark MAGA. And he hasn't taken it off. He loves that hat. No -- but we want to thank him.
He's been really great. He's a great patriot. He's a brilliant guy, too. I mean, who could -- I said, "Does anybody else do that with the rockets because I've been watching this stuff for a long time?" Byron, have you ever seen that before? I said, "Can the Russians do it?" No. "Can NASA do it?" No. "Can anybody do it?" "No, only me."
I said, "Keep it going, man. That's pretty cool." It's the coolest thing I've seen in a long time. [Applause] Pretty cool. You know, we got to protect our brilliant people. We got to remember that. There aren't too many brilliant people around. Not too many, right, Marjorie? Marjorie knows better than anybody.
There aren't too many. Oh, your lieutenant governor is right there. Look at this. We have big power, huh? Thank you, Burt. With your vote, we will create millions of new great-paying jobs; wages will sort; your taxes -- your taxes are going to fall. You saw that. Your net worth will skyrocket. America will be confident again.
You know, America has lost its confidence. It's a terrible thing to say. I said it one time. And I said, "You know, it's actually true, but it's going to come back very quickly." America will be respected again. The American people will be optimistic again, and you will be proud of the life and the future you are going to give and giving to your children.
Our legacy will be nothing less than the rebirth of the American dream. You don't hear about the American dream anymore. You don't hear about the America -- we used to hear about the American dream. My father used to say, "You want to live the American dream, son." And I'd say, "What's the American dream, Dad?" And I didn't quite make it.
I wanted to make it. No, I could have the American dream. You know what? I had the American dream. Did I need this? But I wouldn't swap it. I wouldn't swap it, Byron. I was saying yesterday, I could be -- [Applause] I could be on -- on the waters of Monte Carlo. I could be all over the world enjoying myself, but I'd much rather be right here with you.
It's true. Because we have a mission. We have a mission, and we don't have a choice, right? You know, we really don't have a choice. Somebody said, "Why are you doing this?" I said because we don't have a choice. We're going to make America great again. What's better than that? I have a lot of rich friends.
They go here; they go there. They're boring as hell. Nobody cares. They put on their bathing suit. They don't look a lot better than Biden. And they're in -- except they have fancier beaches, right? And look what we're doing. We're doing -- I mean, we're doing something. If we win this election, it will be the greatest event, political event or otherwise, in the history of our country -- in the history of our country.
And we're going to turn it around fast. It's going to go very quickly. We're going to turn it around fast. Kamala is turning us into a third-world nation, which is true. [Audience boos] You know, I didn't know she didn't pass her bar exam. Did you know that? I just heard it. I'm hearing this. I don't want to tell you about it, please.
I don't want to. I don't want to mention it. I will not mention the fact that she didn't pass her bar exam, so I'm not going to mention that. But with our victory, we'll become the greatest, strongest, freest, safest, and the most powerful nation the world has ever seen. We're going to put it back together fast.
Four years ago, we were respected. Now, they laugh at us. Other countries laugh at us. I had a good interview today with Bloomberg. Did anybody see that? That was a great interview. He was a Trump hater, and, brilliantly, my staff didn't tell me that. I said, "Who is this guy?" "Sir, he hates you very much. He's been after you for..."
So, they got me all -- all started before I went up. But it was a great interview, and I think it really showed the plan that we have because he was unable to dispute it. We're going to bring so many companies back into our country, and a lot of them are going to be based right here, right in the great state of Georgia.
You're going to be a lot of -- a lot of things happen. It's going to happen very fast. Remember, I used to say we're winning too much? You're going to say to me, Marjorie's going to come with a lieutenant and -- lieutenant governor and Doug, and Kelly's going to be there. Got a lot of cash, I tell you.
And Loudermilk, he's coming in with his beautiful family. And you're going to be begging me. You're going to be saying, "Please, sir, there are too many companies coming into Georgia. Please, please. We can't take it anymore. We don't have enough people for the jobs. Please, we don't want any more companies. We don't want any companies."
That was a takeoff on the winning. We're going to win so much. You're going to come, "Please, sir. We can't win anymore. We're winning too much." We had a lot of fun. And we had a lot of fun. We have a new one now. All those companies are going to be pouring in. But starting on day one, I will quickly defeat inflation, and we will -- we're going to bring down the energy prices fast, fast.
Liquid gold. And we will make America affordable again. Prices are still going up. You know, they're going up again. And they surged again very viciously last month. And here we go again. And Kamala Harris has -- she has no idea what's happening. They say, "What do you think of inflation?" "What?" "What do you think of inflation?" "Uh..."
She didn't know what the hell they were talking about. Other than that, she's got it right under tow, right? No, she didn't really know what they were talking about when they said inflation. What is it? Kamala Harris has developed a policy. You know what her plan is called? I have no plan to fix it. That's what -- she says that I have no plan to fix it.
She's changed 15 policies. You know, on occasion, somebody will run and change one. Like they'll be for the death penalty or not for the -- she's changed 15 policies. No fracking, no this. Every single thing, she's changed. Go back a year and a half and take a look. Fifteen policies. I've never seen anyone get away with one major change.
The whole thing is different. She loves walls now. She loves walls. She loves our police, but she was in charge of defund the police. Do you go from a defunder of the police? I don't think so, Lieutenant Governor. From -- do you go from a defunder -- she was a leader of defund the police, and now she says, "I love the police."
In the meantime, I got every police group in the nation is supporting me. [Applause] And the Border Patrol came out. Did you see that? The Border Patrol came out. Thousands and thousands of them came out two nights ago and they endorsed Trump. They said, "We endorse the most beautiful..." Paul gave a beautiful speech.
Incredible people. I know them all very well. They never met her. They never spoke to her. They were asked, "Did you ever get a call from anybody in Border Patrol?" "Yes." "Did you ever call them back?" "No." They never once spoke to anybody, even in authority or not authority, nobody. They never spoke, and here we have the biggest travesty.
I believe it's a bigger problem because of the murderers and everything else coming into our -- I believe -- look, inflation and the economy are always big, and they're big, what they've done to our economy. But I really believe that the border and the illegal immigration and 21 million people, many of them criminals, is a bigger thing than inflation.
I may be wrong. I may be wrong, but I think so. It's rated No. 3 three after the economy and inflation. I put them sorted together, economy and inflation. I think they sort of belong together. What do you think? I think so. But I think the biggest thing is when you have 13,099 murderers, people that are -- four people that were ready to be executed -- they said rather than executing them, we'll let them come into America.
Thirteen thousand ninety-nine, many of them -- many of them killed -- many of them killed more than one person. And they're happily ensconced in Georgia. They're all over the country. And these are killers. These are people that will kill you quickly. They don't need too much of an excuse. They have, as they say -- they have, as they say, a short fuse.
You don't want to get into a little tiny argument that, for somebody else, would be an argument for them. It's not good, right? It's not a good situation for you. No, we don't want them in this country. We're getting them out of this country fast, fast. And I think it's -- I think it's a bigger -- I think it's bigger than the economy.
I think it's bigger -- as horrible -- you know, inflation is a country-buster. It's busted many countries. But I think it's bigger than inflation, even. Over the past four years, her inflation nightmare has cost the typical family $29,000. Think of that, $29,000 in inflation. The reason you feel poorer is thanks to Kamala.
And that's -- the fact is you are, and she was the one. They called her the taxing queen in San -- you know, she destroyed San Francisco. San Francisco, if you go back 18, 19 years ago, it was the No. 1 city. It was the best city in the country. Now, it's not even livable. And I speak against myself.
You know, I own property in San Francisco, right? I own a lot of property. I own property in California, and every time I say this, I say -- you know, I'm saying, "Please don't say it." In my -- please. Because every time I say it, I depreciate the value of my property. Guys that would have said, "I love that place you have, and I own, on the water, the most gorgeous things right on the ocean."
I always say, "I have the ocean; Pebble Beach only has the bay." That's my -- that's my ad, and I never even need it because it's always full. But I have the ocean; Pebble Beach has the bay. The truth is, every time I speak this way, I hurt the value of my properties. But ultimately, I don't give a damn because this is much more important.
She destroyed -- [Applause] She destroyed -- along with Gavin Newscum, the governor, Gavin Newscum, they destroyed it, the two of them. What she did to San Francisco -- and then she became attorney general. What she did to California is a disgrace. And now, she wants to do that to the United States of America.
We're not going to let that happen, Marjorie. [Audience boos] Her plan will raise taxes for the typical American family by an estimated $3,000. Take a look at this.
[Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.
You know, the only problem with putting it up, the fake news. And there's a lot of them back there. So, I have a lot of friends -- [Audience boos] No, I have a lot of friends. They watch the rallies on television. This isn't a rally. This is just a get-together. Look at that, all the way up to the bleachers.
But they watch -- hello up there. It's a nice place. But they watch -- a friend of mine -- because he says, "You know, the only problem is when you put up the videos, they don't show it on television." You know why? Because they don't want to move the camera a little bit up. They don't want to because they don't want to do anything that's good for us.
They don't want to do anything that's good for us. And you know what? They ought to be ashamed of themselves. I'm going to ask them to put on woke -- do you know this -- what this is all about? We don't have a woke military, but some people think there are some people in the top. Can you put that woke military? Put it up, the master sergeant.
So, we won two beautiful big -- horrible in many ways. But we won two world wars with that attitude, and we didn't win with the woke stuff. But our military is not woke. We have some people on the top that are woke. They'll be gone so fast, your head will spin, OK? [Audience responds affirmatively] Under the Trump administration, we will put more money in your pocket.
We will let you keep more money than you ever thought possible. We're bringing it down. We're bringing the cost down. We will have large tax cuts for workers, and we are going to have something very special: no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. No tax. [Applause]
That's a big one. And you deserve it. You know what, you put up with inflation for the last two and a half years that shouldn't have ever been here -- would have never been here. Think of it. We wouldn't have had the war with Russia and Ukraine. No way Russia would have done it. We wouldn't have had -- you wouldn't have had October 7th with Israel.
You wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had that horrible, most embarrassing moment in the history of our country, Afghanistan. The way they withdrew -- we were going to withdraw, but we were also going to keep Bagram, the biggest military base in the world. We gave it to China. You know who has it now? China has it.
One hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons. And on that day, we lost 13 great soldiers, and many were obliterated, no arms, no legs, the face was just disastrous. What they -- what these people -- nobody ever mentions them, but we had a lot of people badly, badly hurt. And what a shame.
What a shame to see what's happened to our country, the border. All of the things that we've suffered in the last almost four years, we're going to get it back so fast. We're going to be proud again. We're going to be very proud of our country. [Applause] Isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a teleprompter? What do you think, Byron? It's better, right? Huh? Did you see when her teleprompter crashed last night? She was talking about 32 days, Mr.
Congressman. Thirty-two -- she goes -- "And the election will be in 32 days, 32 days." The teleprompter crashed. "Thirty-two days." She kept going. Oh, I would have loved to -- you know, it kicked back in. It's called a kickback. Like some people know a lot about a kickback. It's called a kickback. They know in this administration.
But no, it's a kickback. It kicks back in, and it did kick back in just in time because she was about ready to eat the -- Byron goes, "Yeah." This was -- you know, when you do this, you have to have one ability. If the teleprompter goes -- because it goes, I figured, five percent of the time. It goes.
It's gone and you're standing up in front of all of the fake news, which is actually a much bigger audience than this, because you got millions of people watching. So, you're standing in front of the fake news with fake reporters and, you know, some very bad -- and some good ones. And some good ones.
I'd say five percent, right? What do you think, Barry, five percent? I think so. Five percent, maybe less. But -- and if that happens and if you don't do this well, you are ridiculed the following day, right? And I've had it go off with Bernie Moreno in Ohio who is doing very well. But I had 57,000 people out there, television blazing.
And he's going for the nomination, and it wasn't looking good. The wind was blowing at 49 miles an hour. I got onto the stage, and I'm looking at these two things. And they were like -- so, you can't read them. But I said, "Don't worry about that. They're going to blow off." And within the first minute, they blew off the stage.
They were like 30 yards down the road. And I'm standing there, and that's when you find out whether or not you have what it takes, right? [Applause] You're up there all by yourself. You're up there all by yourself, Mr. Lieutenant Governor, and you better get going. You can't do that 32 stuff that she was doing.
Why -- why did he have to fix that damn teleprompter? But it is true. I have a friend. He just wants to go into politics, but he's petrified of -- he said, "I have one phobia." He's a very smart guy, very rich guy. He wants so much to be in politics. I said, "Do you have any problems?" "Well, I have a problem with -- I have a phobia against public speaking."
I said, "Don't go into politics." If you have that phobia, I would not bother, right? What do you think, Byron? No Good, right? He wouldn't come up and warm up the crowd like you did, would he? Instead he -- get me off. To crush inflation, we will quickly become energy-independent, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill.
She won't frack. She's not going to frack. She's not going to frack, Pennsylvania. Please, Pennsylvania. You remember, she's not fracking. Her whole life is, "We will not frack. We will not frack." She's going through her whole life like this. All of a sudden, "Oh, I look forward to fracking." No, it doesn't -- I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months.
You're going to get them in half, 50 percent in 12 months because we have liquid gold. Nobody else has it. We became No. 1 with me, No. 1 in the world in oil. We have oil and gas, No. 1. Russia was No. 2. Saudi Arabia was No. 1. We were No. 3 or No. 4. When I left we were so far above them, and we were going to be not only -- you know, we were energy-independent.
We were going to be energy-dominant. We were going to sell to Asia. We were going to sell -- we're going to pay off a lot of debt. We were all set to go. And then we had a great election because we got millions more votes, but something happened a little bit. We can't let that happen again. We're not going to let that happen.
Look what happens when bad things like that happen. I will cancel Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate immediately. "Everybody will drive an electric car," they say. And soon -- the problem is they don't go far. They're very expensive. They're made in China, and they have some other things. Now, with that being said, I think they're phenomenal.
They really are. I say that because of Elon, you know? You know, Elon -- they are phenomenal by the way. But, you know, for certain -- whatever. And we're going to have hybrids. We're going to have gasoline-propelled cars. We're not going to have hydrogen cars. You know hydrogen cars is the new thing, right? Do you know about that? Hydrogen is the new car.
They say it's great. Has one problem. If it explodes, you're dead. If it explodes -- they actually say if it explodes, you're unrecognizable. You call your wife over -- they call up the wife. "Would you please come here and take a look and see whether or not this is your husband because we cannot see?" And she goes to the nearest tree, which is about 100 yards away.
And she says -- it's only blood. There's nothing there. She says, "I can't tell." So, hydrogen has one problem. It's extraordinarily dangerous. Other than that, the car works quite well, actually. I won't get near -- I will never get -- I don't care how good it becomes. No matter -- and they'll probably say they're making it safe, but it'll never be safe enough for us, Congressman, right? I also announced last week that we will make interest on car loans fully tax deductible because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream.
You know, I got a call from a big guy on Wall Street and said where the hell did you come up with that idea. Think of how simple that is. How great is that? Because now, we're going to make more cars because of it, right? They said, where did you come up -- you know, when you think, it's so simple. It was mentioned to me by somebody a week ago.
I said has nobody think -- a car loan deductible, wouldn't that be nice? It's going to spur the industry. But what's really going to spur the industry is what we're doing with taxes and tariffs. Every company is going to come pouring back. But the interest deduction is so great, and I say it's like the paper clip.
A hundred and twenty-five years ago, a guy took a piece of metal, and he started playing games with it. And he had the paper clip. And now, since then, everybody that's seen the paper clip says, "Shit, why didn't I think of that? It's so simple." That's like that for the car loans, right? It was so simple, nobody thought -- the biggest guy in Wall Street called me.
The smartest guy. He's got like 183 IQ. He said, "Where the hell did you come up with that idea? That's pretty good." As we rebuild our economy, we will also restore our borders, if you don't mind. [Audience responds affirmatively] For four straight years, Kamala has imported an army of illegal-alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails and insane asylums and the worst mental institutions anywhere in the world.
Not South America; all over the world. They come from Venezuela. They come from the Congo in Africa. And she has resettled them very nicely into our communities to prey upon our innocent American citizens, right? When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins.
It's going to be a restoration. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs -- nice people. The only thing nice about them, they make our criminals look like nice people because now we say, you know, I thought those guys were tough. They're really not tough, not compared to these guys. Remember when she said, "Migrants coming in do not cause crime"? Really? Check out the front page of the "New York Post" today.
They've taken over midtown Manhattan. But one of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang known as Tren de Aragua. Have you heard of them, Tren de Aragua? In Aurora, Colorado and communities in all 50 states, this gang is terrorizing law-abiding citizens, including taking over multiple apartment complexes.
And they are really going, and they are vicious as hell. Take a look at it.
And that's No. 1. That's No. 1, I will tell you right now. That -- that beats out the economy. That beats it all out. To me, it's not even close. The United States is now an occupied country, but on November 5th, 2024, that will be liberation day in America. Liberation day. [Applause] Thank you. So sad.
This is what you call an unforced error. What they've done to this country and to think that she's running for the president of the United States is a disgrace. And she's allowed millions of these people into our country destroying our country. And it's not easy to fix either. We'll get some, and we'll get them out, then they'll get somebody else who has a nice look and a child, and it'll be the poster.
It'll be, "Oh, how how horrible are we?" It's a very tough thing to fix, but we're going to fix it because we have no choice. But we're going to start with these horrible criminals, and there are lots of them. Four hundred and twenty-five thousand illegal aliens convicted of crimes are now free to roam in our country, including all of those murderers and all of those drug dealers and all of the human traffickers in women -- in women.
They want -- they traffic in women. You hear children; you hear men. No, they traffic really in women. Right here in Georgia, our nation was robbed of a brilliant 22-year-old nursing student, Laken Riley. You know Laken very well now. [Applause] And after months of prodding him, Biden couldn't pronounce her name.
He said -- he said Lincoln -- Lincoln Riley. And Lincoln Riley is the football coach or the coach. And this was in Congress, couldn't even get the name right. Laken was a brilliant young student, top in her class, going to be a great nurse -- a nursing student. Everybody admired her. She was killed viciously while out on a jog.
She was assaulted, beaten, and horrifically murdered by an illegal alien. You saw the picture from Venezuela. The savage monster who murdered Lincoln was let in and released into our country by Kamala Harris. She came in through open borders. Nobody even checked him, come right in, come right in. His brother was also in Georgia illegally.
He's suspected of murdering a -- viciously murdering someone. Also in the Venezuelan gang. He's in that gang. In September, an illegal alien who Kamala imported through her open-border process was arrested in Tennessee for strangling a 25-year-old girl to death and leaving her body covered in blankets for days.
Her parents -- Oh, her parents. All of these parents, they'll never be the same. He had a prior arrest record in the United States; was shielded for deportation by the horrible, horrible laws, rules, and regulations of Kamala. I can't believe how they allowed this country to become like this. This country is not.
It can't go on like this, and they're getting worse. You look at little towns, villages, cities -- and even the big cities, they're petrified that this is going to happen to them. The governor of Colorado is a radical-left Democrat, but he just doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know what to do. Springfield, Ohio -- we love Ohio.
We won Ohio every time by a lot. We're leading now by a lot. And I know Springfield, beautiful little place, 50,000 people. They've just deposited 32,000 illegal migrants into the town. They don't speak English, but they've taken up the schools. They don't speak English. What they're looking for is interpreters because they have no idea what they're going to do.
Nobody speaks -- very few of them speak English, so they're looking all over for interpreters. That's what they want to find. When you go to the hospital, you can't get into the hospital because the hospitals -- all occupied and they want to be so nice, and they want to be politically correct. And the mayor seems like a nice person.
He's saying, "Well, we'll figure out how to make it work," but you can never figure it out. It can never work. Think of it, 50,000 people, all of a sudden they have 32,000. They've almost doubled the size with people that came from a rough country, really a rough, rough country. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. [Applause]
Have to. We have to do it. I will rescue every town across America that has been invaded and conquered. They've conquered our country. This is an invasion of a military force. They have weapons that are on par with our US military, but we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals to jail or kick them the hell out of our country.
Ideally the second because we don't want to have to -- we don't want to have to pay for the cost. So, we'll ideally bring them back to their country. When I first came into the White House, a general came up. I said, "General, I want to get MS-13 gangs." They're the worst in the world. MS-13 is very similar but probably even nastier.
And we had thousands of them in our country because Barack Hussein Obama could not get them out because the countries from where they came would put airplanes big ones on the runway so you couldn't land. They wouldn't let the busses through, and they gave up. Years ago, they gave up. And I said to the general, "I want them out."
He said, "Sir, they won't take them back." I said, "Who?" And they said the countries. I won't embarrass them because I know the presidents very well, and they're very streetwise, very smart people. And I said, "How much aid do we give those three countries?" "Sir, we give them $750 million a year." And I said, "Inform them that they're delinquent; that they aren't allowing us to bring back people that belong there. And they are getting no further aid at all from the United States of America."
[Applause] And the following day, early in the morning, I got calls from all three separately, all three. "Sir, there seems to be a misunderstanding." And I said, "No, there isn't. You sent them over in a caravan." The caravan, I made up that name, too. I'm good at names. You know the names? I can't use those names too much because many of them were for Republicans.
We had some beauties, but we can use Pocahontas and other people. But -- but I said, listen, I said, "You wouldn't take them back?" "Sir, there seems to be a misunderstanding. We would love to take them back. We love MS-13 so much. Sir, please, please, let us take them back, sir. Please." And we sent them back, and they took them like nothing -- like nothing.
So, we sent them out of our country. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. That way, they're not coming back. That way, they're not coming back. And you don't hear these ideas from anyone else, I can tell you. And I'm not proud of them, but you also have to wage a little bit of common sense, don't you? Because we're the party of common sense.
And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. Right, right? [Applause] Kamala's migrant invasion -- and that's what it is -- is also devastating our great African American community; stealing American jobs; crushing wages; undercutting the voting power of our own citizens; and bringing drugs, crime, and death to our country.
And the African American community and the Hispanic community is being devastated with the jobs. The numbers are down six, seven, eight, nine percent. They're going to work, and they're saying, "I'm sorry, we're not going to take you anymore." People that have worked there and worked there well for years are now being told they're not -- they no longer have a job because they have illegal immigrants coming in and taking their job.
And I'll tell you what. Any African American or Hispanic -- and, you know, how well I'm doing there -- that votes for Kamala, you got to have your head examined because they -- they are really screwing you. They are really screwing you. Right? It's happening in numbers. You're going to hear about it.
It's a big story. It's a big story. You're going to start hearing about it in a little while. I mean, it's a big story. It's a real -- it's terrible. It's terrible. People that have been here for years, years have -- they've done a good job. They've got their family. Now, all of a sudden, one day, they don't have a job anymore.
Kamala's open-border policy is a complete and total betrayal of African American communities and Hispanic American communities. And unions are next. Oh, they're going to take on the unions. You watch. Virtually 100 percent of all of the jobs created in the last year have gone to migrants. I don't know if anybody knows that.
The jobs that were created -- first of all, the jobs that they got, which made their numbers look better, but they don't count really. They're bounce back jobs. Those are jobs that we had. We had the greatest economy in history. We had to take a pause for the pandemic. We did a good job on that. And then the people -- they call it bounce back.
It's standard; a very standard phrase, but they call it bounce back. They bounce back. But think of it, of the jobs created almost every one of those jobs was taken by a migrant. Under Trump, Americans will always come first. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
So, she would do nothing different. Think of it. You have the worst administration in the history of our country. The happiest person -- you've heard me say this -- Jimmy Carter, because he looks brilliant by comparison. His administration, by comparison, is brilliant, so he's happy. He's an old guy now, but he's a happy man.
Just this week, I was proud to receive the official and unanimous endorsement of America's Border Patrol agents, all 100 percent. All of them. And I was also honored to receive the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, something they don't do easily. I mean, you know because -- but they said, "We have no choice. We have no choice."
Four hundred thousand law enforcement officers nationwide. So, they did something to Biden that was amazing. They stole the election from him. I mean, I'm not a fan of Biden. Who could be? But they stole the election. They took it away like candy from a baby, and -- and he's angry and they're all angry.
They're angry as hell. He -- I think he likes me more than he likes her. Can you believe it? I believe. I believe that. I believe that, Steve. He likes me more than her. Can you believe it? But we will restore law and order in America. But here's what. To do it, you have to do one thing. I don't want your money.
I don't want anything. I just want you to get out and vote and get your friends to vote. That's all. I don't want money; just go and vote. So, we're pleased to be joined with some incredible people, friends of mine, talented people. You have a lot of great people in the state. Lieutenant Governor Burt Jones.
Please, Burt, stand up. [Applause] Members of Congress. Mike Collins. Mike, great guy, tough guy, tough guy. We're not playing. You don't play games. He said, "Oh, put me on that committee. I want to be in that committee to cut costs." He'll do a better job. Nobody could do like that. Thanks, Mike. Somebody that's been unbelievable at searching out really bad, sick politicians on the other side.
He was accused of -- he walked in with a couple of young constituents to show them the capital as I remember it. And they accused him of showing in Russia's -- what -- and he became -- instead of most people, they say, "Oh, please," he became the opposite, indignant and wild. And he has done some job on the committee.
Barry Loudermilk. We love you, Barry. Courage. [Applause] Remember -- Barry, remember that? It's when they had pictures of -- walking around with two kids from the area. And the parents, they were Russian. These people are sick. And all it did is made him angry, and you have done some job, so we appreciate it.
A man that we've said hello to that you've -- you've experienced. He's -- he's got a big future. He's a fantastic guy and a friend of mine, Byron Donalds. Byron, thank you. [Applause] A very strong, smart person, a woman who is amazing, actually, to me. She's really amazing. Marjorie Taylor Greene, thank you. [Applause]
And another warrior who's always been with us, Rich McCormick. Where is Rich? Thank you. Thank you, Rich. And a really -- a really good guy, a former congressman, so respected by everybody, Doug Collins. Thank you, Doug. [Applause] And your former senator who was really a terrific person and respected so much in Washington and still is even -- I think even more respected now.
Kelly Loeffler. Thank you, Kelly. [Applause] Good job. The next congressman from Georgia's 3rd Congressional District. He's worked with me since like 2015, before '16. And everybody, after they got to know him, they said, "Could we use him, too?" He was -- there was nobody like him. He's going to be a congressman.
I think he always wanted to be a congressman. And when the seat came up in his district where he grew up, I said go ahead. And did he win. Man, did he win? Burt, what's going on with him? He's making us all look bad. He got so many votes. Brian Jack. Where's Brian Jack? Thank you. There he is. There he is.
Is he a natural or what? He's this -- everybody loves this guy. I love this guy. It's not my thing either, but I love him. He is a special character, that one. Are you enjoying it, Brian?
Good. He's got the word. He's got the whole deal. He's good. He's going to be good for a long time. Your insurance and safety fire commissioner, John King. Thank you, John, very much. Thank you, John. Thank you, John. Public Service Commissioner Bubba McDonald. Bubba, what a man. A very special state senator -- I just met his daughter.
You -- believe it or not, I was at another place two hours ago. I've been doing this for 42 days straight without a rest. [Applause] Can you believe it, 42? But two and a half hours ago, I was at another little different part of your state. And this beautiful young woman said, "My father is Brandon Beach."
And I'm much more impressed with him now than I was two and a half -- this guy is such a great patriot, State Senator Brandon Beach. Thank you. And your daughter is fantastic. She was so proud of you. I said, "He's that good, isn't he?" Right? She said he's even better than that. You got a good daughter, so it was great to meet her.
Georgia GOP Chairman Josh McCown. And he is good. He is good. So, Josh, stand up. How the hell -- are we doing well?
Are we doing as well as I'm hearing.
All right. That's what I'm hearing. I'm hearing -- I'm hearing -- and we're no longer in poll territory, right? We're in territory of like votes coming in. You know, we're not really looking so much at polls anymore. The votes are coming in, and they're coming in at a nice level for us, right? He's done a fantastic job.
Thank you, Josh. I appreciate it. [Applause] A woman who I've known for a long time, and she's always been there for us. She's a special woman, very religious person. Every time she sees me, she prays. And I say, from you, I accept that, and I will always accept it. Alveda King. Thank you Alveda. [Applause] Thank you.
Good genes. She's got very good genes, beautiful genes. And a friend of mine, one of the most successful business people in the country, a great, great developer from Florida and New York and a lot of other places, but just a terrific person. And he's become -- I think he loves politics, but he wants to just make sure we all do well.
That's all he wants. Mr. Steve Witkoff. Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great. Thanks, Steve. So, here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren. That's Pocahontas. Remember, her mother said she's Indian. Why? Because she's got high cheekbones.
That was the reason. So, I immediately called her Pocahontas. And that was the end of her. That was -- she was leading in the presidential race, you know. And I don't think she likes me too much, but the mother said she had high cheekbones, and I said Pocahontas. And then all the hell -- the world went crazy.
And she actually went out and got a test, remember? And she was so happy, 1/1,024. In other words, maybe a million years ago, there was a possibility, but she was happy. She said, "This proves I'm an Indian." And I said, "No, no. I have more Indian blood in me, and I don't have any." I'd love to, but I don't have any.
And that was the end of her presidential run. That was the end. I did the world a favor. Of course, look what we got. Look what we got. It's like -- Kamala destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being president of the United States.
She's a radical-left person. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She wants to let her millions of illegal -- Medicare, oh, she wants to raid Medicare. That's what they're going to do raid Medicare, Social Security; she wants to ban fracking. As California attorney general, that's what she did. And she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes.
She said they're nonviolent crimes. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. She even called for free sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens in detention at taxpayers' expense. And here's something she did that was terrible. On her resume, she said she worked at McDonald's.
Oh. She never worked at McDonald's. So, in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala and save America. [Applause] Right? We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always cherish our great American flag. We will cut your taxes, crush inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and create the greatest job boom the world has ever seen.
We're going to do that. It's not going to even be hard. We are going to do it through low taxes and high tariffs, actually. We won't have any inflation, and we're going to do it. We're going to have a boom, and the auto industry is going to boom like it's never boomed before. We will hire American, buy American, build American, grow American, and show the whole world that the American dream is back, bigger, better, and stronger than ever before.
I will stop the global theft of American jobs and turn the US into the manufacturing superpower of the world. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East, and prevent World War III. I can do that. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly -- I tell you what.
We have to give our police -- we have to take care of our police. And it's turning out to be more dangerous than ever. And once we give them that power back, it will be much less dangerous than ever. But they, right now -- being a policeman or a policewoman is very dangerous. We have to give them back their honor, and we have to shield them.
And we're going to indemnify them against being hurt because, you know, they lose their -- they do something that's good, and they lose their family, they lose their pension, they lose their house, they lose everything. Now, we're going to indemnify them if they're right, and we're going to find that most of them -- they're going to -- right.
And, you know, you always have bad apples. It's a shame. It's a horrible thing. But sometimes, you have to just say, but we always have bad apples. And we'll do everything we can to get those bad apples the hell out. But we have to take care of our police and our law enforcement. That's why -- that's why our country is going to hell with crime.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield all around our country, and it'll be made right here. A lot of it's going to be made -- as you know, you do a lot of it. It's going to be made in the USA, but it's going to be made a lot of it right here. And we will put the stars and stripes on the surface of Mars very soon, very soon. [Applause]
We'll get Elon get those rockets going. Elon, get them -- get them going. You know, he's going to send a rocket up very soon to pick up the two guys. How would you like to be stuck in space? I said, "When are you sending that?" "Very soon. I'm just about ready to send it." It's like -- you know, it's like sending a bus for him.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. They will get critical -- oh, and we will do this. Critical race theory and transgender insanity will be out of our schools immediately. [Applause] Immediately. And we will keep men out of women's sports.
I will defend religious liberty, your right to free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. And the Second Amendment is under siege. You know that. The Second Amendment is under siege. It will not be -- for years, it was under siege, I will tell you. But we're going to protect our Second Amendment 100 percent.
After years of build -- thank you. After years of building up other countries, we will protect our borders, defend our families, and protect our American suburb, cities, and towns. We're going to protect our country. We will end the sanctuary cities immediately and stop illegal immigration once and for all no more sanctuary cities.
We will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first. We will put our country first. We will put communist, Marxists, and fascists last, and they will always stay last. From Savannah to Columbus, from Marietta to Macon, and from Augusta to Atlanta, we inherit the legacy of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their blood, sweat, and tears to defend this country they love.
We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up those big, beautiful skyscrapers -- you're welcome -- won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and gave everything they had for our rights and for our freedom.
And we are not going to lose the nation that they worked for and fought for and died for. We are not going to lose it. We will not be invaded, we will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will defeat the enemy at all levels of combat. We will defend our civilization, reclaim our sovereignty, and we will be a strong proud and free nation once again.
Right? [Audience chants "Fight"] Thank you. Thank you very much. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with the opportunity and hope of a lifetime. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda once and for all. We want a landslide that's too big to rig. [Audience responds "Too big to rig"]
We can't let anything happen. Early voting is underway. Get everyone out. Get everyone you know. Just get them all out to vote. Go tomorrow. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. These will be -- despite the fact that we've been set back so far by incompetent, vicious, foolish leadership, we will have the four greatest years in the history of our country.
And with your help, from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. Nothing will sway us. Nothing will slow us. And no one will stop us. We will press forward to our magnificent American destiny. And together we will fight, fight, fight! [Audience chants "Fight"] Thank you.
We have to get out and vote. We have to win, win, win. We got to win, win, win. If we don't win, win, win, we've all had a good time. But it's not going to matter, right? Sadly because what we've done is amazing, three nominations in a row. What we've done, we got to win. If we don't win, it's like it was all -- it was all for not very much.
We can't -- we can't let that happen. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.
We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Georgia. God bless you. God bless you, Georgia. Thank you. God bless you, all. [Applause]
[Audience chants "USA"] So, a very big hello to Reno. We love Reno. And hello to Nevada. It's great to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, very, very hardworking American patriots. Thank you very much. Nice crowd, big, beautiful crowd. We always have a good crowd in Reno. We love it.
Before we begin, I want to send our love to all of the people back East who are recovering from two really devastating hurricanes. Our hearts are with those who lost a loved one, and we are with you all the way. We're getting it straightened out, and we need better help from a thing called the federal government.
We need better help from -- I guess you could say from Kamala. [Audience boos] They've been very bad. They've been, in particular, bad to North Carolina and other parts that were really devastated, really bad, but we have to get them on the ball a little bit. God bless them all. God bless you all. Thank you very much. [Applause]
Twenty-five days from now, we are going to win Nevada. We are going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again. From the very beginning of this journey, I have been on a mission to rescue our nation from a failed and corrupt political establishment, and it is corrupt, and to give you back the country that you believe in, the country that you were born in, and the country that you deserve, and we're going to do it.
In that mission, I will never quit, I will never bend, I will never break, I will never yield, not even in the face of death itself. It won't happen. As you know, I'm putting everything on the line to fight for you, and I am also only asking you for one thing: vote. Get out and vote. Early mail-in voting is underway in Nevada right now, so return your ballot today, vote Republican at every level, and go.
And we know that you're going to vote for Trump, and we're going to make America great again. We're going to turn around our country so fast. Yesterday, it was announced that inflation surged viciously again last month, coming in at a much higher number than anticipated. Your food prices went way up, higher than expected.
Your rent and housing costs went up much more than expected. Your car prices went through the roof. Yet Kamala Harris has no plan to fix it. You ever hear her? She goes, "Well, no, we did everything wonderfully." That place is falling apart. Then she's got ideas. "I know what I'm going to do." Why didn't she do it three and a half years ago, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] Kamala has already cost the typical family $29,000 with her horrible inflation and the cost of inflation.
Yet she said, this week, when asked the question, that she can't think of one thing she could do differently, right? So, you know what? Take a look at the video. We're going to talk about that. Take a look. Not one thing. Take a look at this. [Begin videotape]
[Audience boos] So, that answer that she would do nothing different is totally disqualifying. Our country is in crisis. We don't need four more years of gross incompetence, radicalism, and failure. We need strong leadership. We're going to change it. We're going to do such a great job. Your head's going to spin.
Your head is going to spin. It's time for the people of Nevada to tell Kamala Harris -- does anybody know the name Harris? If you say Harris, everybody says, "Who the hell is Harris?" That we've had enough. We can't take it anymore. We're not going to take it anymore. Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here.
Get the hell out of here. Get out of here. So bad, the worst we've ever had. Look, he's the worst president in the history of this country, the worst. And she's the worst vice president. And she's actually worse than him, OK? We defeated him, and then now we have to defeat another one. I shouldn't have defeated him.
It would've been just as easy. Think of it. I spent $150 million to beat him. And then we had the debate, and then everyone said he's out of there, so they got him out. It was a coup, you know. It was a coup. He hates Kamala more than he hates me, in my opinion. And that's a lot. And the problem is that she's actually less competent than him.
And that's hard to believe, actually. With your vote in this election, we will quickly defeat inflation, and we will make America affordable again because you have such a problem. On day 1, I will unleash -- we will unleash American energy, and I will cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent. I'm going to cut them.
Within 12 months of taking office, we're going to cut them in half. We're going to cut them down 50. You know why? Because we have more liquid gold under our feet. I don't have to deal with other countries. All I have to do is say, "Let's go." We're going to have very large tax cuts for workers, and especially to help the hardworking people of Nevada, we will -- listen to this one.
No tax on tips. No tax on overtime. No tax on tips, think of that. No tax on overtime. That's why we're going to win. And service workers in Nevada, they love Trump, and I love you, too. Take a little look at this. Everybody, take a look at this. [Begin videotape]
I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message. [End videotape] You know, what do I know? But this has to be the tipping capital of the world. In some places, I say, "No tax on tips." So, we get, "Nice." Here, I was in Las Vegas two weeks ago. I said, "No tax on tips." The place went crazy. So, you're the same thing.
But also, no tax, think of it, on overtime. You do a lot of overtime, and that's a big thing. [Applause] And for those of you who are seniors, now I wouldn't know about that because I'm not a senior. Michael, am I a -- no. I'll be a senior, what, another 10 years, 15 years? No, look, for the seniors, think of it, you've been destroyed on fixed incomes with inflation.
They have destroyed you because of energy and because of the way they spent, like, so stupidly on the Green New Scam. But you've been destroyed. And now, we have no tax on Social Security benefits for seniors. And we owe that to you. What they've done to this country -- But, you know, I keep saying, still the most important, the border.
I mean, we can talk about inflation, and it's horrible. We can talk about it. But they let 21 million people in here, and many of those people, murderers, drug dealers, gang members, people from mental institutions. To me, I watch -- they say that the biggest thing is the economy and inflation. And the second biggest thing is the border and immigration.
I sort of think it's maybe the other way around. Wait. We do a free poll. Ready? Which is bigger -- ready? I'll go border first. Border and immigration? [Applause] Pretty big. Or the economy and inflation? [Applause] I've been saying that. You know, in 2016, I won because of the border, and I made it so good.
It was so good. Within two months, we had the best border, and that was it. And then I could never talk about it. My people said, "Sir, they don't want to hear it. You fixed it." But the problem is this border is 20 times worse. What they've done here is crazy. They either hate the country or something's going on.
My message to every service worker in Las Vegas and Reno is this. If you vote for me, inflation will end, your taxes will be cut massively, your wages will skyrocket, your savings and pensions will soar, and your retirement will be more prosperous. You're going to be so much more prosperous. You're going to be more secure.
You're going to be safer. You're going to have a much better life. Just vote for me. Let's get it over with, OK? Much better life. Much better life. Under Kamala, it will be massive inflation, massive layoffs, massive tax hikes, and massive misery and depression. Depression. Kamala Harris will kill the American dream.
That's what she's doing. And for your children, they don't have a dream with these people. These people -- look, she's a Marxist. A lot of people don't know what a Marxist is, so let's put it simply. She's a communist. We're not going to have a communist leading our country. She's a communist. She's also known as the taxing queen.
She loves taxes. This is the first time I've ever seen -- I've been doing this stuff a long time, only for a short time on this side, but I became president, but I've been doing it for a long time on the other side, writing checks, so I can contribute to guys like Senator John Cornyn of Texas and all.
But I've never seen, ever, all these great politicians are over here, where somebody's campaigning on massive tax hikes. She's campaigning, "We will raise your taxes." And some people, they're not the smartest people, but they -- "Oh, thank you very much." I've never seen it. I've always heard politicians say, "We will cut your taxes."
Sometimes, they don't mean it, but they say it. But these people openly say that they're going to raise your taxes. Let's give her credit for one thing. It's probably the only thing she's honest about. She's going to raise your taxes at levels never seen before, and she's going to drive out all the jobs in the country that I created.
Her plan will raise taxes for the typical American family by at least $3,000 a year. Watch this tax video. You have to watch this. [Begin videotape]
I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message. [End videotape] So, she's looking to increase your taxes, the biggest economic disaster it will be in American history. I will deliver. And I'll tell you what, we're going to show you some things pretty soon that are going to be amazing. What we've done compared to what they've done, we've had the most successful presidency ever.
They had a disaster. They've had a disaster. The biggest inflation ever. We talk about the senior citizens. The only reason I did that for the senior citizens is they've been devastated. It's been taken away from them. Everything's been taken away because of their inflation. So, I'll deliver the biggest economic boom in American history.
It's going to be the biggest. Take a quick look. Can you see what that says? But let's get back to business because who the hell cares what it says? Look at that. I love the unrealized capital gain. In other words, it's an unrealized gain, but they're going to tax it anyway. That's a beauty. That'll be the first in history.
And in Detroit yesterday, we had a great day in Detroit because we announced we're bringing the car industry back at levels never seen before. And we're going to make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream. We're going to restore the American dream.
To bring jobs and factories and wealth racing back to the United States, we'll have a 15 percent made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 to 15, but only for those who make their product in -- remember this. I'm the one that got it down from almost 40 percent to 21 percent. Everyone said that was impossible.
That led to a job boom, the biggest boom we've ever had in this country, and the numbers were great. But it was better than competitive. It was good, but it wasn't the best. Now, I'm bringing it down to 15 but only if you manufacture, if you make your product, in the U.S. How good is that? Right, Michael? You have to make it here.
You know, I had one of the top Wall Street guys call me. They said, "Who the hell gave you that idea? How simple is that?" You've never heard anything like, "If you make your product here, you get a lower tax." You don't hear it. It seems so simple, like the paper clip. Some guy made the paper clip a long time ago, and everybody looked and said, "Why the hell didn't I think of that?" Right? And for those who don't make their product in America, they'll be forced to pay a stiff tariff for the privilege of competing with our cherished companies that we are going to protect because they're stealing our jobs, our treasure, our wealth.
And we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars to benefit American citizens in pay. We are going to pay off debt. We're going to reduce your taxes still further as an individual. We're going to reduce them. And we will be at a level of prosperity, it's called growth, that we haven't seen in 60 years.
Her? You're going to have a 1929-style depression. And remember, you know the hat? It says, "Trump was right about everything." I really was right about it. I was right about everything. You're going to have a 1929-style, not recession, depression. My pro-American trade policies are one of the major reasons why I've been overwhelmingly endorsed by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters, including 60 percent of the Teamster members in Nevada.
Can you believe that? Where are the Teamsters? Do we have any Teamsters? Are you guys -- where are the Teamsters? Thank you. They're good people. Traditionally, they go Democrat, but we got -- all over the nation, they endorsed Trump, along with the police, along with the firefighters, along with everybody, along with anybody that's sane.
Don't forget, we're the party of common sense. We really are. You need a wall. You need good elections. You need a fair press. You need a lot of good things. You need a lot of good things, and we're going to have very good things. And you don't need criminals coming into your country either, by the way.
So, as we rebuild our economy, we'll also restore our borders. And I've just come from Aurora. I just left Aurora, Colorado, where the person that was in charge of your border, we call her Border Czar Kamala, she doesn't know she's alive. I'm telling you. She is so bad. Did you see "60 Minutes"? So, I've done '60 Minutes" many times.
I even had the great Mike Wallace, who was actually a great one. Mike Wallace, the toughest of them all. He gave me a great one. But she was interviewed. Her answers were so bad that they put other answers in. They don't do that for me. You know, we're just the opposite. Her answers, they take it away and put new answers in.
My answers, they just cut them up. So, then instead of four sentences that are perfect, it's one sentence that precedes back, and all of a sudden -- I used to say to them, "Why did you cut the hell out of my paragraph?" I do the weave, right? Always a weave. And always end up in the right location. But I said, "Why did you do that, 60 Minutes? And remember, I had, with Lesley Stahl, a big fight because she said the laptop from hell came from Russia. And I said, "
Lesley, it came from the bedroom of Hunter Biden. It didn't come." And then I proved to be right, and I'm still waiting for them to apologize. But I'll tell you, what they did with her, I believe, is the biggest scandal in broadcast history. I do. If that were me right now, I probably wouldn't be allowed to speak. They'd have me tied up someplace, like, "
Sir, would you come this way, please?" And when you think about it, I've been investigated more than Alphonse Capone, right? He was a killer. If he didn't like you, he would immediately kill you. I've had more investigations. These are corrupt people that we're dealing with. But what happens is this. What CBS did and "
60 Minutes" did, think of it. Her answers were terrible because she's only -- and I say it very respectfully. She's not a smart person. And we've had four years of that, and we can't have another four years because Russia and China and everybody, they're eating our lunch. We can't have another four years.
So, I don't get it. I don't get it. Oh, by the way, we're leading in all the polls. [Applause] We're leading. We're leading. But we have to make it too big to rig, right? Too big to rig. We're leading by some pretty good margins, too. Michigan, we're leading. The car industry, those autoworkers love Trump because we will be ending that electric mandate very quickly.
And we love electric cars, but, you know, we want them for some people and some people not. We want gasoline-propelled. We want hybrids, which are good. The only one we don't want -- do you know the one we don't want? There's a certain car, hydrogen car. They have a new car. The problem is it doesn't go bad often, and it's quite efficient, but when it blows up, you are unrecognizable.
Is that my husband on the tree? Let me take a look. I can't tell. I can't tell. No, I don't want that one. I'm not going to do that one. They say they think they can fix it. The word think is not acceptable. "We think we can fix it." So, we'll forget about hydrogen, right? But we have a lot of alternatives.
And, you know, we got the endorsement of Elon Musk. You know that, right? [Applause] And he said it's absolutely imperative we're going to save our country. I have to win. He gave me the strongest endorsement. He's a great guy, and he makes some great things. He helped us so much with North Carolina and Georgia.
He sent Starlink, and they had no communication whatsoever in some areas. And they said, "Sir, do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "I do." "Do you think you could get us Starlink?" I said, "What the hell is that? Explain to me." But essentially, it's unbelievable form of communication. So, I called up Elon, hard to get because he's very successful.
I called him up. I said, "You know, North Carolina, in particular, is in big trouble. It's almost been cut off from the mainland, and they have no -- all their lines are down." This was a terrible thing. And the government's done very little. The federal government's done nothing. She's done nothing.
She's doing interviews on these stupid shows, and she's got to get there because they really have problems. But he said, "Well, I'll tell you." And we talked for about a second, and then I get a message from the people in North Carolina. "We want to thank you that Starlink will be coming soon." I said, "Elon, how did you do that? We're talking. You agreed to do it. And now, I get a call before we hang up that they expect it to be delivered."
No, he's a great guy. He's a great guy. Saved a lot of lives. He saved a lot of lives in North Carolina. He helped the governor of Georgia. Georgia governor's doing a very good job, but they helped the governor of Georgia with the Starlink a lot, and he was there. I'll tell you, he was there. So, he's good.
He's our friend, right? Kamala Harris has imported a savage Venezuelan prison gang, other than that, they're fine people, known as Tren de Aragua. Did you ever hear of them? Tren de Aragua. But don't smile because they'll knock that smile off your face. They're not nice people that has taken over an entire apartment complex.
You know, they are like me. They're in the real estate business. The difference is I do it with financing. They do it with weapons that we've never even seen before. Where do they get these weapons? And is terrorizing the residents at a level never seen. They literally walk in and tell them, "Get the hell out of your apartment."
They took over complexes. And they have a radical-left governor who's petrified. He doesn't want anything to do with it. He's afraid. He's chicken shit, OK? He's afraid. [Audience chants "Trump"] They're breaking down doors. They're collecting the rent. Isn't it nice? They just come over from Venezuela.
They are collecting the rent. And you know what the landlord said? "Whatever you'd like, sir. You'd like to collect my rent? Whatever you want." No, they're actually going around collecting the rent from now on. Let me tell you. If I were president now, those guys would be out of here before you left this room.
Send them back. We're sending them back. But they're shooting people. They're smashing jaws, breaking skulls. Watch this video. You're not going to believe it. [Begin videotape]
These are our new citizens. These are the new people. These are the people that we have coming into our country, and we're now known as, and all throughout the world, as an occupied country. We're an occupied country, can you believe? And they have -- a lot of people, if you think about it, 21 million, not including the gotaways.
You know what a gotaway is? Those are the people that just run, and nobody knows who the hell they are. But we have 21 -- think of this, 21 million people, 13,000 murderers, to be exact, 13,099 murderers, the biggest drug lords in the world. They got them all out of Caracas, Venezuela. Do you know that Venezuelan crime went down 72 percent because they put all their criminals into the good old USA? We are not going to stand for it.
We're an occupied state that refuses to let our great law enforcement professionals do the job that they so dearly want to do. You know, the law enforcement wants to do the job. They really want to do the job, and they're not allowed to do the job. They want to do it so badly. They're so good, but they don't want to lose their pension.
They don't want to be fired and lose everything, lose their family, lose their house. But to everyone here in Nevada and all across our nation, I make this vow to you. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day. [Audience chants "USA"] My teleprompter -- people are doing a great job, though.
Thank God I don't use teleprompters too much. These people, they do a great job. No, no. I look at the teleprompter. It's totally gone. I say, "What the hell happened?" "The sign fell on top of it." But I can level with you. Did you see her? Now, here's the good thing. Isn't it nice to have a guy that doesn't need a teleprompter as president? A potential president that doesn't need a teleprompter.
When you use a -- it gets very boring when you use one. But how about her? There were 32 days left, and her teleprompter -- you know, a teleprompter goes bad a lot. If you rely on a teleprompter, in other words, if you're like Biden where he couldn't function without a teleprompter -- he couldn't function with a teleprompter.
But if you need a teleprompter to do like she did -- it was just announced. Did you see the picture? She did a town hall using a teleprompter. You can't do that. No, think of it. You're walking around. She's reading a teleprompter. It's following -- oh, it's terrible. You can't have her as your president.
You can't have her as your president. But did you see where she was? Thirty-two, right? It was 32 days. So, she's going -- and I'm watching her. I say, "What the hell's wrong with her?" She goes, "32," and the teleprompter went down. She meant 32 days till the election. So, she goes, "32, 32, 32, 32, 32, 32."
I said, "What the hell is wrong with her?" I called the first lady. I said, "First lady, what the hell is wrong with her?" Thirty-two. And then thank goodness for her, the teleprompter kicked back in. But usually, it doesn't kick back in. Usually, it doesn't. You got to be out there. I would say 5 percent of the time, if you want to do this professionally, if you want to run for president someday, no matter how good you run -- because I have a guy, Gabe.
He's excellent. I've had some real bad ones, but I have Gabe. Some of the bad ones, they go so fast. I will go -- and I say, "Slow the damn thing." No, a good one is really like gold, but I don't use them that much because I find it's very boring. The concept, I use, but I don't like it. But if you can't -- if you want to run for president, you have to assume that 5 percent of the time, even if you have good people, you're not going to have a teleprompter.
For instance, when you do outdoors -- I was with Bernie Moreno. He's doing very well for the Senate, and I think he's going to win in Ohio. He's got a chance, and I'm way up. And I went out, and I didn't want to do it because I said the weather's too bad, but that's OK. I did it. We had 45 mile-an-hour winds.
This is in Ohio. That's like -- I thought we were in Scotland, actually. And the teleprompters were bending because they're not strong. They're bending. They're going over. And that didn't matter because within about two minutes, they blew off the stage. They actually blew away. And we had 50,000 people.
I'm standing there like this. I didn't have any notes. Nothing. And you know what? He won the election. Thank you very much, President Trump. He won the election. And other than a few people that saw the things flying away, they flew away beautifully, nobody even knew. So, anyway, no, there's something wrong with her when you can't get up and make a speech normally.
With all the work we do, you know, you think you could, for 40 minutes -- well, she makes very short speeches, too. Do you ever notice? They're like 10 minutes. It's "Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to thank you. My name is Kamala." And she'll speak so routinely. And I hate the word. They had word salad, the words words.
I don't like the sound of it, but it's sort of true. She's just like, "They're just words. They're put together. They don't mean anything." How the hell can we have a person like this to be our president? [Audience boos] It's crazy. But I will round up the illegal alien gang members, and they will be put in jail or thrown out of our country until not a single one is left.
And we're going to call it Operation Aurora, if you don't mind, OK, because they were the first -- and this is happening all over the country, by the way. If they come back, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole because we don't want them to come back. They got to stay out.
And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. Right? [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you very much. No, we have to do that. We have to do it. They're violent people. These are violent. Remember when Kamala said, "People that come into our country are far less likely to commit a crime"? Really? The fact is they make our criminals look like very fine people, and that includes our murderers.
They are very fine people by -- these people make us look like a bunch of babies, OK? And we are getting them the hell out of our country. They're destroying our country. They're ruining lives. We're getting them out. Kamala's open border policy will destroy Medicare and Social Security for seniors because they're stuffing them there.
They're putting them everywhere, but they're stuffing them in. She let in 21 million people and wants to make them all citizens. She wants to make them citizens because there's no way of telling. They have no records. They have -- no anything. They let them in, totally unvetted. Everyone's coming in, the murderers and whoever.
She wants to have them come in, and then they can loot. They can plunder. They can take everything that you've made in your life. They can destroy your lives. They can kill you. They can hurt you. She wants to make them all citizens. It's crazy. It's crazy. Remember, we're the party of common sense, and you know that doesn't work.
A new study released this week found that if Kamala gets her way, illegal aliens will drain Medicare and Social Security to the tune of $2 trillion. In other words, they'll be useless. They'll be worthless. You won't get your Social Security worth. She'll kill it. And she has no idea. Economically, with finance, she has no idea what the hell she's talking about.
They asked her a simple question. When they asked her the other question, that was a disaster because she said, "Yes, I'll change a lot of things from Biden." And then she gets in trouble because he hates her so much and said, "What do you mean you'll change?" So, now they're fighting. So, she doesn't know what the hell's going on.
He's angry. Her people want her to say she'll have nothing to do with Biden because he's a disaster. And then she wants to say that she's OK, but Biden doesn't want that. So, they go back and forth. This poor woman doesn't know what the hell is happening. I will protect Medicare and Social Security with no cuts.
We're not going to have any cuts, and we're not going to raise the age. She's going to raise the age by seven years on Social Security. We're going to have no cuts whatsoever. And we didn't have any. And there'll be no benefits for illegals, by the way. [Applause] Already, Kamala is ransacking Medicare to pay for the Green New Scam.
Do you know what the Green New Scam is? She actually wants $93 trillion. Think of this. That's bigger than our budget for like 100 years. Ninety-three. You know who made it up? AOC plus three. [Audience boos] "Did you go to college on the environment?" "No." "Do you have anything to do -- " This is AOC, right? "Do you have anything to do with the environment?" "No. No, but I've decided that this is the way it is."
All buildings in New York are going to be ripped down, and new buildings are going to built without windows because, you see, a window is environmentally unfriendly, having to do with the heat, the gases, and the sunlight. The ideal building is tall, thin, with no windows whatsoever. It's a hard sell.
If you can get somebody to buy it, you can sell anything. That's the only -- now they have the craziest thing I've ever -- but the total cost is $93 trillion. So, if you add us, China, every other country in the world and gave us about 40 years, we might be able -- these people are crazy. They're destroying our country.
They use it almost as a method of hurting us and hurting our country. And some countries laugh at it. You know, China laughs at it. Kerry goes over there on his private jet, lands, meets with President Xi. "We don't want you to use coal anymore." "Oh, OK, we'll work on that. We're going to start working."
In the meantime, he's building a coal plant a week. "Oh, we'll work on that." Kerry goes, "He promised he'd work on it. He promised." What a fool. No, it's so embarrassing. You know, these people are very streetwise. They're brilliant people, and they're at the top of their game. We have a man that, 30 years ago, wasn't at the top of the game, and she's worse.
I'm telling you, she's not as smart as Biden. Watch. And you see it now. And she's fading rapidly in the polls. The only reason she was OK is because nobody knew who the hell she was. They said Harris. Who the hell is -- nobody knew who she was. And now, they're learning that she's a communist. We're learning all sorts of bad things about her.
She's further left than Pocahontas. Do you know Pocahontas? [Audience responds affirmatively] Remember when they wanted me to apologize to Pocahontas? I said, "I'll do it," because I destroyed her presidential campaign. She was leading for president, and then she said she was an Indian. "Why are you an Indian?" "Because my mother told me I had high cheekbones."
This was -- you can't get in trouble when you're telling the truth. That was why -- that was her reason. Then when I heard that, I said, "Oh, let's call her Pocahontas," because she didn't look like an Indian to me. But we drove her crazy, and then she fell for it. She went out and did a test, remember? And it came back 1,024th.
In other words, somewhere in a million years, there may have been one guy there, and she was so happy. Remember? She was so happy that she released the finding. She thought it was good because maybe there was a tiny little chance. And then I said, "Well, I have more Indian blood than she has, and I have none, unfortunately."
I'd like to have some. No, I'd like to have some. I would be very honored, but I have none, but I think I have more than she has. And that was the end of her political career. She likes me very much. But Pocahontas. Because of the Medicare cuts, Kamala passed with her tie-breaking vote on the Inflation Creation Act.
Did you ever hear of the -- I changed the name. I take much less liberty than "60 Minutes" takes, by the way. They would take the whole damn thing, had to write it for her. No, it's called the Inflation Reduction Act, right? And I thought -- he says Pocahontas. You're right. The Inflation Reduction Act, and I call it the Inflation Creation Act.
That's not nearly as bad as "60 Minutes," right? "60 Minutes" just took everything out. They say, "Listen, we put her on. She gave us this answer. If people hear this answer, she will immediately be thrown off. I mean, it's so bad. So, why don't we just give her a new answer?" So, they took it out and gave her an entirely new answer.
If I ever did that or if that were ever about like a Republican, it would be the biggest scandal in history. I think it's going to be, anyway. "60 Minutes" should be taken off the air for what they've done. [Applause] It should be taken off the air. And you know what else, John? They should lose their license because that's not just a little bad stuff.
You know, they have licenses, these networks. They're worth billions of dollars, but the one thing is it says you have to be honest. That's election interference. They're interfering with the election. Am I right? [Audience responds affirmatively] They should lose their license, and "60 Minutes" should be taken off the air.
Because of her vote, 560,000 seniors are set to lose their Medicare Advantage plans. Did you know that? Oh, did I ruin your evening? No, it's going to happen in the next few weeks. Because of her vote, 560,000 seniors will lose their plan. In other words, Kamala is shafting fixed-income seniors on Medicare to fund $7,500 tax credits for rich people to buy luxury electric cars.
You know, we're subsidizing this whole crazy thing with your -- again, I love electric cars, but you can't do this. You can't do this. They don't go far, lots of little problems. They're made in China. We don't have the material. But you know what we do have? A lot of gasoline is down there, a lot of gas.
I will stand up for our seniors, and I will save Medicare Advantage. So, seniors, you must vote for Trump, or you're going to have a very unhappy rest of your life. But you got to get out and vote. You know, I learned the other day. I was saddened by it because I have the endorsement of the NRA. I have everybody's endorsement.
Here, I was saddened by this. Evangelicals, where I'm like at 90 percent, but they typically don't vote very much. In other words, they vote like 15, 20 percent. If the evangelicals would vote, we would win in a landslide. So, evangelicals, you got a lot of them here, please vote. The other ones -- there are two groups, especially, meaning they vote very, very disproportionately.
The other group, you know who doesn't vote? Gun owners. Gun owners, they don't vote. This has been true for 50 years. I think it's a rebellious thing, OK? It's rebellion. They're having a rebellion. Gun owners, get out and vote. Evangelicals, get out and vote, or you're going to have somebody in office that's going to destroy your country.
You also need to defeat your disastrous radical Democrat senator, Jacky Rosen, and elect a great patriot to defend your Washington values and your values in Reno. Although, I don't know, Reno, can I talk about great values in Reno? Yeah, I think I can. I'm not sure if everybody's going to believe that one, but I believe it.
I know a lot of great people from Reno. We have values and all different values, and you have great values here. Jacky Rosen is a disaster. She votes virtually 100 percent of the time. Originally, you know, she was a big Barack Hussein Obama -- have you ever heard of him? Remember Rush Limbaugh? Rush Limbaugh, he'd be talking about it.
He'd go, Barack. He's like falling asleep. Barack Hussein Obama. Barack Hussein Obama. We miss Rush, right? [Audience responds affirmatively] But we've got Sean Hannity, and we've got Laura. We've got Jesse. We've got Gutfeld. How do you like Gutfeld? I did his show. You know, I did his show, and he had the highest rating.
Last week, two weeks ago, I did his show. He had the highest rating in the history of his show, and he won the entire week in television. How about that? [Applause] Is that good? No, he's good. You know, he used to hate me. He used to hate me. He used to hate Trump. And then after about a year, I said, "That guy really doesn't like me much."
Gutfeld, he's a great guy and very talented guy, but he hated me. Oh, it was terrible, saying bad things. And then after about a year, I noticed there was a change. He said, "You know, I don't love this guy, but he does everything. I mean, everything he says, he gets it done. He defeated ISIS in record time. He said he was going to do that. He gave you the largest tax cuts in history, and he said he was going to do it. He got it passed in Congress. He gave you the largest regulation cuts."
And he goes through this list. I didn't even know I did that much stuff. But he said, "You know, I'm starting to like him, actually." He said, "Would you rather have a guy that you really like, but he gets nothing done, or a guy that you can't stand, and everything gets done that's good for the country?" I built hundreds of miles of wall.
I built 571 miles of wall. I was going to add to it, much more than I said I was going to build. He said, "He built the wall." Now, I will say this. I was going to add 200 miles more. I didn't promise to do that, but I thought it would be good. And when they came in, they sold a lot of that for 5 cents on the dollar.
I said, "You know what? I think they want open borders." That's when I learned. I think they want open borders. But Gutfeld was great. Anyway, he had these great ratings, and now he really likes me a lot because he says, "He does everything he says he's going to do. And I say I'm going to do more than anybody else says they're going to do because I'm a worker, and I know how to get things done. [Applause]
So, I would like you, if you would -- because he's a spectacular man, and I'll be honest with you. Would you stand up, please? There is nobody that has ever run for the Senate that has given up so much. He's given up so much. He's a great war hero. And he took a big hit, big hit. He took a hit like nobody takes.
And if they took a hit like that, most people wouldn't be around, and other people would just -- they wouldn't know what to do. This guy -- and he's got the greatest wife and family you've ever seen. Nobody has given up so much as Sam. And Sam, I want you to win so badly, and you know that. And he has my full endorsement and all of that stuff.
He's a great guy, and he's doing very well. He's against an unpopular person that has no respect in Washington, so let's see what happens, but he has my total and complete, as I say, endorsement. Thank you, Sam, very much. Thank you for being here. [Applause] We're also pleased to be joined as well by Senator John Cornyn of Texas.
John, please. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. I think John agrees with me on Sam, what Sam has done and what he's given up. He's a big hero. He really is a big hero. Another great one is Wesley Hunt of Texas. Stand up, Wesley. Wesley's fantastic. He's a great guy. Mark Amodei of right here, right around here.
Come on, Mark. Where is Mark? Thank you, Mark. Good, good job. He's a warrior and a great football player and a great congressman. I used to watch him on the great Sean Hannity. Does anybody know Sean Hannity? You are, right now, on Sean Hannity because we're live on Sean Hannity, and he's great. He's great.
He's one of the most successful guys in show business, and you wouldn't know it. He's a modest guy, but he's got some mouthpiece, I got to tell you. He's modest, but those lips move. We have some really good people, but Sean Hannity is great, and that whole group. Jesse has been great. Pete Hegseth. Rachel.
They have a lot of good people. Then they have a few that I can't stand, I'll be honest with you. And I think it hurts them badly, if you want to know the truth, but they have some really, really good ones. And it's an honor. Who? [Audience member calls out "Tucker"] Tucker's great. Tucker's great. And speaking of Tucker, because you like this guy, how did we like JD Vance the other night? [Applause] Right? JD Vance was unbelievable the other night.
Burgess Owens, please stand up. Great football player, great man, great friend of mine. He's been my friend from the beginning. Even before the beginning, he was saying, "I hope Trump runs." "You know him?" "No, I don't know him, but I think he'd do a very good job." So, he was there before the beginning.
The Nevada GOP chair, we have a man who works his ass off, right? Michael McDonald. Stand up, Michael. Are we going to win, Mike? Are we going to win? He's the Nevada chair, and he's working hard. We're six points up. Did you know that? But I don't want to say it. I don't want to say it, Michael. Always, I say, assume that you're one point down, right? Assume you're one point down.
In four incredible years under the Trump administration, we achieved more than any administration in the history of our country. We passed record tax cuts, biggest tax cuts in our history. They want to end them, and that would raise your taxes at levels that nobody's ever seen before. You know, you have one thing in those tax cuts that I hope people appreciate.
The estate tax for small businesses, farms, and other things, it's nonexistent. You are leaving your farm or your small business to your children, and they had to go out and borrow money to pay the tax. And they'd oftentimes lose it and be depressed for the rest of their lives and worse, and I got that out.
You don't have any estate. When they end this, that comes back. You know, I only tell you that, to the people that love their children, because if you don't love your children, it's not really worth that much, to be honest. Is there anybody in the room who does not love their children? I've only had like -- I've said that about 10 times.
I've only had one person raise. I thought he was kidding, and he actually wasn't kidding. But that's a big deal. Think of that. You have no estate tax. You leave your farm now, and they can operate the farm. Because a lot of farmers, they have great value, but they don't necessarily have a lot of cash.
A lot of businesses, they have a value, they have valuable businesses but no cash. They couldn't pay. They go out, and they borrow, and all of a sudden, they end up losing it. That won't happen. But if they end our tax cut, you know, that's a part of it. To me, it's a very important part. Record tax cuts, record regulation cuts, more than any other administration in history.
And we achieved all-time low unemployment rates, record-low poverty rates, and rising wages for everyone at the highest level ever. We had the most successful country in our history. We never had -- and probably in the history of the world. We had never had a period of time like it. And we had -- remember this.
We also had the best border. Remember that famous -- remember the graph that I liked more than any graph ever, ever, ever? [Audience responds affirmatively] Because I wouldn't be here. Do you have that graph, by any chance? Put it up. I love this piece of beautiful paper. Where is it? Oh, I love it. Oh, I love it.
You see the line on the bottom, the red line? That's the lowest point. That was my last day in office. That was the lowest we ever were on illegal immigration. That includes drugs and a lot of other things, too, by the way. But look at that. Then it exploded like a rocket ship. Look what happened to it, and now it's worse than ever.
But what a beautiful -- even if that red line wasn't there, if it was two inches to the right, I'd still say, what a beautiful piece of paper because if I didn't turn to the right to look at that beautiful piece of paper, I wouldn't be talking to you tonight. Beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah, I just realized, I just went like this.
That's what I did. I went like that. We ended the NAFTA disaster; canceled the TPP, which would've been a disaster for your state; withdrew from the ridiculous one-sided Paris climate accord; and stood up to China. We stood up to China like never before, bringing in tens of billions of dollars when no other president got 10 cents from China.
Not Bush. Not Obama. They never got -- in fact, I put on taxes and tariffs. I took in billions, hundreds of billions of dollars from China. It never happened before. And don't let that baby bother you because it doesn't bother me. To me, it's that beautiful. Where is that baby? [Audience chants "USA"] That's a good-looking, baby.
Don't worry about it, mom, it doesn't bother me. You know what it means? Happy, youthful, beautiful baby, perfect baby. Thank you. We had the most secure border in U.S. history, fully rebuilt the U.S. military, and created a thing called Space Force. That hasn't been done. Remember that. That hasn't been done since Air Force 82 years ago.
We obliterated ISIS, and with the Abraham Accords, we made peace in the Middle East, but Biden didn't follow it up. They don't follow anything up. I'm proud to be the first president in decades to have started no new wars. I finished wars. And I also gave you $35 insulin, which Biden and Kamala are trying to take.
You know, I was the one that did it. You know, it's interesting because I did it, but it doesn't kick in for like two or three years by statute. And when it kicked in, I said, "You know, I better win this thing because otherwise, whoever the hell is president, they're going to take credit for $35 insulin."
No, I did it. I did it. But those four wonderful years of peace and prosperity have been followed by four years of misery and failure under the worst president and vice president in American history by far. It's true. It's true. In fact, Jimmy Carter is the happiest man today. You know, he is almost 100, I guess.
He's celebrated or celebrated -- he's very close to 100, and he is now happy because he goes down as a brilliant president by comparison to Biden. He didn't have a border like this. He didn't have the problems that we had. We're going to end up in Third World War with this guy. We're going to end up in a third world nuclear war because of this guy because he doesn't have a clue what the hell he's doing.
And she is worse. Remember I said it? She is worse than him. She's not as smart as him, and he's not smart at all. But here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical left Marxist, rated even worse than Bernie Sanders. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement. Think of that. Anybody that was involved in Defund the Police, even for a day, let alone years, is not worthy of being president of the United States because we cherish our police.
We cherish our police. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish -- she vowed to abolish ICE. You know, ICE, these are great patriots. They also have to be tough people. They take MS-13 gang members out. They deposit them back in their country where they came from. It's a tough job. I mean, I have some tough friends in the front row.
They don't want to be a member -- would you like to be a member of ICE and run into a pack of MS-13 killers and swing it out for about two hours and then stand up and say, let's get them out of here? You wouldn't? Tough guys don't want any part of it. They're tough, and they're smart. But you know what? They love our country, and they do an incredible job.
And she wants to get rid of them. She wants to get rid of ICE. It's not going to happen. She wants to ban fracking, as you know. She wants to ban anything having to do with fossil fuel. She imposed the natural gas export ban and is now shutting down power plants and destroying our electric grid with her crazy Green New Scam regulations.
Energy prices are already up this year 50 percent in Nevada. In Nevada, under Kamala, they're going higher. They're going to be maybe double within a year from now. She lost more -- and here's to me the worst because she said, no, she'd like to keep everything just the way it is. This is, to me, the worst.
She lost 325,000 migrant children. They're gone. They're gone. [Audience boos] No, but you can't understand. Think of it. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing. Most of them are dead, in my opinion. She said -- all of them, they might be all. They're either sex slaves, slaves, dead, or just missing, but many of them are dead.
And she said, "I want to keep it just like we've had it." There's never been a travesty like that. Think of that. Think of that in relation to wars and everything. There's never been anything like that. They're innocent kids. Their parents will never see them again most likely, most of them. And she has the 13,000 illegal alien convicted murderers roaming free in our country, free to kill again.
As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. No, she's radical left. [Audience boos] She just moved a little bit toward MAGA when she realized she wasn't getting any votes, right? In fact, we're going to send her a MAGA hat, I think, tonight.
And she pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She sponsored a bill to oppose a 100 percent ban on gas-powered automobiles. Can you imagine that? [Audience boos] You have to give up your automobile. Darling, I really want to drive to Washington, but I don't want to make seven stops.
She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. One of the most expensive operations, by the way. That's the least of the problems. And perhaps most revealing of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. How simple is that? No, she said everything that she ever -- "I worked hard at McDonald's for a long time."
I worked over the french fry bin. You know what I'm doing next week? I'm going to a McDonald's to work because if I work there for 10 minutes, I will have worked there longer than her. [Applause] You know, in many ways, I don't like that because it's so basic. But there's something beautiful about it, too.
It's so simple. She said she worked at McDonald's, meaning I worked so hard. It's hard work. She worked at McDonald's. It turned out to be a lie. She's a liar. That's why I call her Lyin'. That's why I call her Lyin'. I had her as Comrade. OK, here's another poll. Who likes Comrade Kamala Harris? Comrade meaning sort of a communist thing.
Or who likes Lyin'? Let's do Comrade first. Who likes Comrade? Comrade Kamala Harris. [Applause] Lyin' Kamala Harris. [Applause] I guess that's the end of that one. But with your vote this November -- you know, I did three of them today. I did a little one, a little tiny one with a small group. And then I did a really big one.
I did a big one, and I did this one. And I'm still raring to go. They say, "How the hell do you get through all of them? How do you get the energy? How do you get that energy?" [Applause] But I love doing it. You know why? Because I see it. We're making so much progress. We're exposing her for what she is: an incompetent communist.
And people aren't going to have that because we don't have a choice. If we don't win this election -- you know, there are those people that say, "You'll never have another election if we don't win this one." That could be possible. Look at Venezuela. Look at so many places. You know, it sounds far-fetched.
It's not at all. Look at what's happened in just three and a half years. Look at what's happened to our country in three and a half years. We have to get out. We have to win this election. But with your vote this November, we are going to defeat these radical-left country destroyers, and we are going to finish what we so brilliantly started.
We had it going so good. On day 1, I will close the border. I will stop the invasion of illegals into our country, and we will begin the largest deportation operation in the history of the United States. We have no choice. [Applause] The illegal migrants coming into our country are taking the jobs of American citizens.
But you know what they're really taking? The jobs of Black and Hispanic workers. They're taking the jobs. Black community, Hispanic community is being decimated by what's happening. They're coming in, and they're taking the jobs. And you know what's going to be next? Unions, they're going to be next.
They're going to take a lot of union jobs away. They're going to take jobs away, period. But the Black community, you saw the bad numbers last week. They were terrible. They've gone down. And you know why? Because they're hiring people. Well, you had a job. You had a job for years, and now all of a sudden, somebody else is taking the job.
And it's also affecting the Hispanic people. And my numbers with the Black -- and especially Black men. I love Black men. I love them. I love them. I have gone through the roof with Black men, Black men. I don't do quite as well with Black women, I must say. I don't know why, but I'm sure that'll work out, too.
I do appreciate it. I do. And we're doing unbelievably with Hispanic. The Hispanic population has been incredible, incredible. We will quickly become energy independent as we were before and make America the dominant energy producer in the world by far. We will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill.
Get our prices down. And we will terminate the insane mandate demanding that you have to have all electric -- everybody has to have an electric car within a very short period of time. [Audience boos] That goes for trucks and everything else. You know, the truckers, it doesn't work. The battery is so heavy.
Do you know that a battery for a truck is so heavy that you'd have to build -- rebuild every bridge in America because they can't handle the weight? That doesn't affect these people. The other thing is you'd have six stops between New York and Los Angeles. With diesel, you'd have none and can even come back 10 percent, OK? You'd have none.
Think of it. And it takes up a lot of payload. But think about it. It's much heavier. The battery's very heavy, right? Very, very heavy. You would have to rebuild every bridge in America because it's not designed for that kind of a load. Can you believe it? And I said to this gentleman, one of the big truckers, one of the biggest, maybe the biggest in the world, I said, "Have you told them that?" "Yes."
What did they say? "We don't care. We want you to build all electric." And he ain't doing it. I'll tell you, he's not doing it. I said, "How many trucks do you have?" He said, "29,000." I said, "You got 29,000? How big are they? They're all 18 wheelers. Is that what it is? The big ones are 18 wheelers?" And I said, "You must be very rich."
He said, "I'll tell you what, they're going to try and make me poor." He said -- you know, he said something interesting. He said, "Sir, I've been buying trucks for 50 years, and every year, they get better, more efficient, stronger, bigger, better looking. And now, we even build beautiful -- " He called them an apartment.
We build beautiful apartments behind that cab, and they are beautiful. This guy loves trucks. "And they are beautiful. Sir, honestly, you'd be proud to live in one of them." And I said, "How about the first lady? You think she'd love it?" I don't know. I don't know if she'd love it. I can handle it.
I don't know if she would like it. I don't know if she -- by the way, go buy her book. Her book is great. I was a little nervous when I read it because I said, "I wonder if she's going to be hitting me hard." No, she was very nice. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it. It's very simple. No, go buy it. It's great.
It's No. 1. No. 1 bestseller. [Applause] I will stop outsourcing and turn the U.S. into a manufacturing superpower. Working with Elon Musk, we will slash a record amount of government waste. He's good at that. That's what he wants to do. He doesn't want to be a secretary. He doesn't need it. He's got rocket ships all over the place.
He is going -- he's a wild man, I'll tell you. But you know what he wants to do? He said, "I can cut costs, trillions of dollars, and nobody will be even affected. And our country will be back in great shape." Between that and charging countries that come in and plunder and steal, we'll have a country that's a machine.
We're going to make a beautiful machine, and then we're going to take all that money and pay off debt and help people that are not in good shape and sick and old and tired. But he wants to do that. He doesn't want anything. He doesn't want a title. He just wants to say, "Look, there's so much waste and abuse and fraud."
You ever hear the expression, fraud, waste, and abuse, right? Levels that you wouldn't even believe. You know, when I cut the price of Air Force One, I bought it, "Sir, it will be $5.8 billion." I said, "Nope, I'm not doing it." I was supposed to walk in and sign it because -- I said, "Who negotiated the contract?" They said, "Barack Hussein Obama."
I said, "Well, then it's too high." They said, "Why do you say that, sir?" Because he negotiated it, it's too high. And I said, "It has to have a three." You know that story. So, I waited, waited, waited, Boeing, and then finally, they said, "Oh, boy," because, you know, they thought they had -- so think of it.
If I didn't do that, they would've made $1.7 billion. I said -- because they ultimately cut it down to 3,999,999,999.99. One penny. I said, "It's got to have a three in front. This had a five, and 5.7." So, I said, "Let me ask you a question. So, if I didn't come along, you would've made 1.7?" Same exact plane, right? Except I had a much better paint job, much nicer.
It's true. It was red, white, and blue, the way it should be. It wasn't baby blue. It was blue. Not that little baby blue. But no, I did a great job on it. But I said to the head of Boeing, I said -- this was before the two planes went down. This was before the problem. So, Boeing, Boeing was considered maybe the greatest, but certainly one of the greatest companies in the world, and now they've suffered a lot.
But this was before. I said, "You mean if I didn't come along, you would've made $1.7 billion on this?" Actually, it's two planes, you know. Air Force One is actually two planes, two identical planes, 747s. "You would've made 1.7 billion?" He said, "Well, we have -- " Of course, they would've tried. The answer is they would've made 1.
7 billion. So, Elon's actually right because they shouldn't make that kind of money on it. But I got them down $1.7 billion. It took about two months of not returning phone calls. I will end the war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East and prevent World War III. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly -- they dearly -- look, you know that.
They dearly deserve it. We're going to give our police their respect back. They want to do the job. [Applause] No, but think of that. With all the criminals that are being put in all over the world -- this is not just South America. We mentioned Venezuela, but it's all over the world. Crime is down all over the world.
Prison populations are down all over the world. They're delivering into the United States mental patients, prisoners, killers, drug dealers, gang members, criminals, street criminals. They're all here. They're all going to be here soon. We're not going to allow it to happen. Not going to happen. We will strengthen and modernize our military.
We'll build a missile defense shield, all made in the USA, and we will not have a woke military. Watch this. Watch this. Watch this. You'll like this. [Begin videotape]
It may not be politically correct, but we won two world wars. We won two beautiful, big, ugly wars, and we are in a woke mode. Look, I defeated ISIS in a matter of weeks. It was supposed to take years, and those people did it. And I had great generals, not the guys you see on television that don't know what the hell they're doing.
And they are woke. But the military -- you could take these military guys that we have and put them into a woke cage, they call it a woke cage, scream at them for two years about wokeism, and they come out, and they want to beat your ass. We have very tough, smart, great military. We have to take care of our military, though.
We gave billions and billions of dollars of it to Afghanistan, to the Taliban. You know, we didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months. They were going along, killing our soldiers. And I made a phone call, and the fake news -- that's a lot of fake news back there. Look. [Audience boos] The fake news, that's a lot.
That's a lot of cameras. It's amazing when I watch, and I see those red lights, you know, when the red lights are on. And sometimes, I'll point to them, and as soon as I start pointing, those lights go off so fast. We will lead the world in space and reach Mars before the end of my term, and we will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.
C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. And I will support universal school choice, very important. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. [Applause] And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections.
Under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first. You cannot get into a hospital, by the way, because the migrants have all of the beds. You cannot get into a hospital. You cannot get your kids into a school because there are migrants there that don't even speak the language.
It's unbelievable. They're giving -- because of Biden and Kamala, they're giving precedence over your children who've been in that school. Is it not even thinkable? I will put American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first, and we will put communists and Marxists and fascists last.
We're going to put them last, way down at the bottom, and they will always be last. We will defend our territory. We will not be conquered. They're trying to conquer us. Think of it. These guys are walking in with guns that are more sophisticated than our military has. They have no money. They come in from different parts of the world, and they have better guns than we have.
There's something going on, but I'll get to it very quickly. It's going to end. It's going to end unpleasantly for them. We will reclaim our sovereignty, and I will give you back your freedom, your life, and your country. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
We're going to bring back the American dream. [Applause] But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop a radical-left agenda once and for all. We want a landslide that is too big to rig, too big to rig. And again, early mail-in voting is underway, and you have to get out there and do it and get everyone you know to vote because all -- I mean, think of this, after everything that we've been through.
We've been through a lot together, right? These are vicious, horrible people. I call it the enemy from within. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. If we win this election, we're going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help, from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise.
We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again.
We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you, Reno. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you all.
Wow. [Audience chants "USA"] Well, thank you very much. This -- this is quite a gathering, isn't it? This is it, we're getting to the end. We're getting to the end. And we're leading in all the polls, so that's a good thing. We better keep it going. Like your wrestling team, we better keep it going, you know.
A very big hello to Pennsylvania. Thank you very much. This is some little gathering we have. We really give a very special hello to Penn State. We love Penn State. We love Penn State. I'm thrilled to be here, the home of the Nittany Lions with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. You're very special.
I think I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question, are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] So, I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans. If you want to go out and win an election -- do you want to win an election? Because we are leading, but we got to close it out, right? We got to close it out.
I will promise you we're going to end inflation very quickly. We're going to get those prices down, too. I'll stop the invasion of criminals pouring into our country. They're criminals and they're pouring in like we've never seen. We're going to stop it. We're going to get them the hell out of here. And I will bring back the American dream because you want the American dream and we're going to bring it back.
So, this is all you really need to know: Kamala broke it, and I will fix it. We're going to fix it very fast. We're going to fix our country up very fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. We're going to do it fast.
This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, it's disgusting what they're doing, or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. I'm asking you to be excited about the future. You want to be excited about the future.
People aren't excited about this country very much anymore with the people we have in there. We have the worst president in the history of our country. We have the worst vice president, a grossly incompetent person in the history of our country. I'm asking you to dream big again. You're going to dream big just like your wrestling team dreams big.
Where the hell are they? Where are they? I hear that team is brutal out there, I can tell. It's easy to tell, I can pick every one of them off. Jim Jordan told me about you guys. You know, Jim Jordan, he told me about -- look at them over there, muscles all over the place. You better get ready because they're going to bring you up here in a little while.
So, you guys better get ready. You guys better get ready. Maybe I'll wrestle one of them or two of them, huh? That would be an upset. No, no, I'm not -- I'm not going to play that game. Anyway, you get ready, we're bringing you up here in a little while, OK? So tone up those muscles a little bit. Congratulations fellas, that's fantastic.
Man, that's a fantastic record you have. This will be America's new golden age, and every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands. And it really is. It's a big thing. This is the biggest election in the history of our country because our country really has gone bad.
It's gone bad, it's so sad. When you look at the things we're doing that we even have to say like men playing in women's sports. I don't think so. [Audience boos] I don't think so. No, but you think of it, so many things, all the transgender operations, all the -- coming into our country, they're letting criminals into our country by the millions.
Pennsylvania, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala Harris that -- I can't even believe I'm saying the name Kamala, nobody ever heard of her. I'm running against somebody -- and you can't use the name Harris. If I say Harris, Harris, they say, "Who the hell is Harris?" Did you see when she got stuck two weeks ago in the teleprompter? It was 32 days, now there's nine days left.
But it was 32 days, and she's reading and the teleprompter broke. That happens a lot. If you're going to be a politician, you better be able to get through it without a teleprompter, but she can't. And the sucker snapped back, damn it, it snapped back. She was reading, right? She goes, "And 32 days -- 32 days -- 32 days, 32 --" I said, "Oh, this is bad."
And then, boom, it snapped back. Too bad. But Pennsylvania, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, you're not going to take it anymore. "You're the worst vice president. You destroyed San Francisco. You are horrible to the great state of California. You're just horrible. Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here, Kamala. Get the hell out of here. We've had enough of this crap."
Can you imagine going through -- we just went through four years with a guy that had no clue. And now, we're supposed to go through another one. And she's worse than him. She's worse. The polls are open for early voting here in Pennsylvania. I went to school in Pennsylvania. We didn't have quite as good a wrestling team, I will admit.
They were OK. I would say they would have lost like -- they would have lost -- most of them would be -- I think every one of them pinned in the first minute or less. The best one would've lasted about a minute with these characters out here. But we had some smart people, I will say. We had some smart people.
But we're setting all-time records right now in the voting. I don't know if you heard that, you know, the fake news. It's like, Oh, look at all of the fake news. That's a lot of -- [Audience boos] whoa, that's a lot of fake news. That's a lot of fake news. But let's keep it going. We have to close it out.
We've got to keep it going. We're doing incredibly. Nobody's done like we're doing right now. I know you like me, but I know you're also comparing it to what we had for four years, so that's what's happening with the vote. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] I think we're going to keep it going, and we're going to have a real landslide-type election and that's what we have to have.
But everybody has to go out and vote. Just out of curiosity, who has already voted? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK, that's good, because with that number, and then we're about to go and do the real thing, right? Who is going to vote? [Audience responds affirmatively] That's good. That's great. Well, thanks for the early voters, but the Republicans tend to vote late.
They like Tuesdays, and that's fine. Just get out and vote. Everybody promise you're going to vote, right? Promise? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK. If you're a student here at Penn State, and it really is -- it's a great place, I've known it for a long time. I know so many people that have graduated and done so well here, you can vote in person, you can vote by mail.
Then, get your friends, call your parents, call your grandparents, your cousins, call anybody. A woman named Jane, I know her very well, she said to her husband, he is a big slob of a guy, big fat slob, and he said -- and she said to him, "Harold, get the hell out of that sofa. Get out right now, Harold. We're getting out. We're going to vote for the president."
But I'm watching the game. "Get your ass out of the sofa." And he got up and he voted. He feels good about himself now. And he sat back down, and he watched the game. But get everyone to swamp the vote. We want to swamp them. We want to make it too big to rig because, you know, bad things happen with these guys.
We've got to make it too big. The one thing you do, you make it too big, they can't do a thing. So, let's get out. Everybody has to get out. And we want to have a big margin. We want to have a big, fat, beautiful margin. With your help 10 days from now, we are going to win Pennsylvania, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we are going to make America great again.
You know, I'm looking at this crowd, it's such a young crowd. It's a young crowd, got a lot of young people here. It's -- that's -- you know, that's what people haven't really gotten. We have a lot of -- frankly, we have a lot of everything, and it's a great honor to be representing you. We've been on this journey for a long time together.
We've all had a lot of victories. We've had the best rallies ever. There's never been -- outside, you have as many people as this standing out there. If anybody would like to give up their seat or their location, I'm sure that you'd have it filled very quickly if you'd like to do that. I don't think too many people are going to do that.
But we've had great success. You know, sort of, in one way, it's beautiful and another way it's a little sad because we've had these rallies. And we have nine days to go to total victory, and then we're going to have a different kind of a victory. We're going to turn our nation around. We're going to have control of a situation that needs having control of.
And we're going to turn it around. It's going to happen really fast, too. Two things, first day, first hour, we can do many things in the first -- but first, we're going to drill, baby, drill. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we're going to close our borders to criminals and drug dealers and all of these people coming in from mental institutions and asylums.
We are going to have those borders closed. They asked me, "What would you do?" I listed about six things. They asked her, "What would you do different?" Did you see her answer? "Oh, oh, oh, I don't know. I don't know." Right side, wrong side, right? Wrong path. They're like at 90 percent wrong path and she doesn't know.
I think I'd leave everything the same. That's the end of that election. When she said that, I said, "That's got to be the greatest ad ever." Right, Marjorie? Look at Marjorie Taylor Green, very shy person. She's a very shy -- we have great congresspeople here. She's a very shy person, John, right? And John, you love these guys back here, huh? Great John Joyce.
For all the young people here at Penn State and across America who may be voting for the first time, I want you to know that I am in this fight for you. I didn't need this. Had a nice life. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] I had -- I'll tell you what, I've been investigated more than the great Alphonse Capone.
Did you ever hear of Al Capone? The guy's -- you think this has been fun? But, you know, we had four of the greatest years. We have -- we had the greatest economy in the history of our country. Think of this, we had the strongest border. Oh, let's bring my favorite chart of all time. Can you do it? Do it.
You got to do this. Yes. Without that chart, I wouldn't be here. I turned around and said, "Bring down the chart." I wouldn't be -- I wouldn't be here, I guess, probably. But see, the arrow on the bottom, that's the lowest in history. This was done by the Border Patrol, and that was my last day in office.
And then these incompetent people took over. What they've done to our country, it's unbelievable. Look at what happened. It's all illegal immigration, criminals pouring into our country at levels that we've never seen before, drugs pouring into our country 10 times more than we had seen ever. The country is just -- it's in free fall.
We're a nation in decline, and we're going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around fast. But even beyond that, even if it didn't show those great numbers, I love that chart. I sleep with it every night. I hold it. I kiss it. OK, we love you, darling. Thank you. Put it away. But it's true. I mean, you take a look at those numbers, it's just incredible.
That was the lowest -- single lowest time, and then they came in and it just -- all they had to do was leave it. We had Remain in Mexico. How about that? Do you think that was easy to get? And we paid nothing. All I did is say, "If you don't let us have it, we're going to tariff every product you have at 25 percent."
They said, "We'd love for you to have very bad people remain in Mexico, gang members." This was in Tijuana. That was a dangerous place. That was a dangerous place. Hundreds of thousands of people say, "This little town --" Tijuana was probably the fastest-growing town in the world because of Remain in Mexico.
And we had a great system and we were doing it, and everything was good. We had a terrible result. We did better in 2020 than we did in 2016, millions of more votes. But it was COVID, and a lot of bad things happened, a lot of bad things. And so I said, "Do I go to the beach or stay at one of my very beautiful -- " I have the greatest resorts in the world.
I could have been extremely happy. I could have had those beautiful waves smack me in the face. I could have had the beautiful sun tan. This white, white skin could have been tan and beautiful. But if I had it to do again, I would've done the exact same thing because I want to be with you right here at Penn State, and we want to make our country great again.
We're going to make America great again. It's true. That's true. You know, we did so well the second time, but then I sat back and I watched. And I thought we did a good job, we did a great job as president. We built our military, got the biggest tax cuts ever. We had the biggest regulation cuts, which actually were probably even more meaningful than the tax cuts.
We had the best job numbers. It was great. We rebuilt our military. I sat back, and I assumed that these people would do OK or good. They were so bad. I watched -- I couldn't believe it, and I said, "I got to do it again. I got to do it again." Because we had the country at a point -- in fact, I was going to have a theme, not make America great -- it was keep America great, KAG.
But MAG is much better than KAG. True, KAG, keep America great. The problem was America became not great, and so we couldn't do that. And then I said, "We have to run because these people have no idea what the hell they're doing." And now, we're running and we're leading and we have to finish it off.
And then, we're going to turn it around even better than before. We're going to make it stronger and better. So, many people come up to me at all these places -- we just had a big one in Detroit. But they come up to me in all the different places, they said, "I had the best four years I've ever had." You have the same thing.
And now it's tough, sir. It's really tough. We're going to get it back. You're going to have even better than before. We're going to bring businesses in, bring jobs in. It's all coming back. You watch, it's come back fast. But the reason I've gone through all of these battles and endured all of the abuse I have certainly have in, you know, history -- Andrew Jackson was considered the president who was really probably hit the hardest, and then Abraham Lincoln.
But in all fairness, he had a little civil war going on. But now, I think I hit the top of that list. But we're going to do something that's going to be amazing. We're going to turn this country around so fast. We have to. We have to do it and we're going to do it. We want to make it so that when your children come into prominence they're going to take over something that they can be so proud of.
They're going to inherit the America that they deserve and that you deserve them to have. Kamala Harris is an incompetent person who in all fairness got no votes. Sleepy Joe Biden had 14 million votes, then he went to sleep. We had a debate, he didn't do well in debate, it's all right. And he went down, and they went to him and they said, "You're out."
They took over the presidency of the United States. I don't even use the word coup. It was a coup. But basically, they took over the presidency. They told him to get the hell out, crazy Nancy Pelosi, the group, Schumer, the whole group. And then, they talk about democracy, "Oh, democracy." No, she got no votes.
He got 14 million. All of a sudden, I'm running against her. But this is sort of like -- I have a great friend, Dana White, UFC. Probably some of these guys will be there. But this is like they have a fight and the fighter is not doing well and they say, "Get him out of there. Let's replace him with another fighter."
I got to take two people, but the second one, I think it is -- in her own way, it might be easier than the first. I'll let you know on November 5th. But we have to get this thing, and we have to get it big. Kamala will destroy your inheritance. But much more importantly, she's going to destroy your country.
If you vote for me, I will ensure that you begin your careers, young people, in a roaring economy, in a time of unprecedented peace and prosperity. You know, I had no wars. Crooked Hillary Clinton said, "Look at him. He's going to take us into wars." I said, "No, no." She said, "But look at that personality. He's going to take us into wars."
I said, "No, my personality's going to keep us out of wars." That's what we did. We had no wars. First president in 82 years, other than ISIS, which we defeated in record time, we knocked the hell out of them. And we have a great military, remember. Not these stupid people that you watch on television, like Milley and Mattis.
The real people, the real generals. We knocked out ISIS. And they said it would take five years; we did it in about five weeks. And we have a great military. I flew to Iraq and I met with the generals. They were like central casting. They were like -- they looked like Tom Cruise, but better looking, much better looking actually, because they know how to fight.
These guys were great. Everybody did a great job for me. But we had no wars. We had peace through strength. It was a great thing, peace through strength, and that's it. You don't have to send your kids out to war, have your kid blown up for a country that you've never heard of and that doesn't want anything to do with you anyway.
But I will not send you to fight and die in a foolish, never-ending foreign war. I'll get you out of the wokeness, and your schools will be great again. Your schools are going to be great. We'll end left-wing censorship, and I'll defend your God-given rights. And I will ensure that you inherit the freest, strongest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth.
That's what we're going to do. We rebuilt the entire military. And then, these stupid people gave a big chunk of it to Afghanistan. For what? There was no reason. [Audience boos] Now, here's the good news. It was a lot, but it was very little by comparison. But to see them have that, it is just not even believable.
And we have it. I didn't lose one soldier in 18 months. I spoke to the head of the Taliban, Abdul. I said, "Abdul, don't do it." Anyway, I can't go exactly, because it's not nice. He's still there. Do you know Abdul is still there? But I said, "Don't do it, Abdul, don't do it." He said, "But why? Why do you send me a picture of my home?" I said, "Abdul --" Anyway, what happened with Abdul -- and we were fine.
Eighteen months, we went without a soldier being killed or even shot at. Think of it, 18 months. And then when these guys, we had a very great election, but it was -- by the way, I got the most votes in the history of our country for a sitting President. Can you imagine? But they say they beat us. He got a few more votes sitting in his basement, not talking, and it's a disgrace.
But you know what? This will be -- we're going to pull this off. It will be the greatest victory in the history of our country for all of us. Not for me, for all of us, for all of us. And starting on day one of my new administration, I will end Kamala Harris's war on Pennsylvania energy, and we will frac, frac, frac, OK? She's not going to frac.
You know, that's a big part of Pennsylvania. The fracking is a big part. She's been against it for her whole life. She's been against anything having to do with anything underground. She'll build a windmill. It kills all your birds. Isn't that wonderful? But no, she's against anything having to do with fracking, except about a year ago she learned that she's going to need Pennsylvania.
So, she turned her thing and she said, "Oh, I'd love to see people frac." She had no idea what it was, but she said, "Frac, frac." And she changed. But you know with the politician, they always go with what's number one? She'll switch in two minutes, all of the different things. She wants transgender operations for people that are in penitentiaries if they demand it. [Audience boos]
All of a sudden she says no. We had a very short time with her. She had a little honeymoon period because nobody knew anything about her. When they found out about her, she went down the tubes. Yesterday she had Beyonce, because she can't draw a crowd. See this crowd? This crowd is packed. I could sell it out three times.
You got to see outside. And we don't have Beyonce, who couldn't fill the arena last night. But the people went there because they thought they were going to hear Beyonce sing, right? Beyonce got out and said, "Hello, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to endorse her. What's her name? What's her name? What is her name again? Oh, I'm going to endorse her. Oh, oh."
They just don't get it. So, what happened is the crowd came because they thought she was going to sing. Then she turned around, she left and Kamala started speaking, and it was a disaster. They all left. Everybody left. We don't need anybody because we are here. Let me be nice. We are here -- we are here for policy reasons.
Oh, policy. We're here for common sense. So, the truth is, we're really the party of common sense. When you get right down there, right? And they send buses out. You know, they have plenty of money. They get it from the unions and a couple of other, they got a lot of money. They always had more money than the Republicans.
But we have much better policy. We have much better ideas. They cheat much better. That's one thing I'll say. They cheat. Nobody cheats like that. Nobody cheats like that. But I'll tell you what, we're going to have -- this is going to be the greatest victory in the history of our country. It's going to be an exciting -- it's going to be an exciting night on November 5th.
Kamala has said repeatedly that she wants to ban fracking. She was going to do it. That's 500,000 commonwealth of Pennsylvania jobs. By the way, never ever called a state. I had a friend, a poor guy. He was a friend of one of the congressmen right there, GT. He was our friend of our congressman. He got up and he started talking about the state of Pennsylvania.
He was dead. That was the end, right? He was dead. He died. He was dying up here. He didn't know what he was doing wrong. We were trying to send him a message. It's got to be called the commonwealth, right? Well, Biden called it the state, right? But, you know, how about Biden? When you go to Florida, it's great to be in New Hampshire.
It's great. It's great. That's what we knew that that wasn't going to work out too well. Kamala is crushing your energy industry with her vicious natural gas export ban currently going on. You don't know about that. And with a green new scam, Kamala Harris is closing down your power plants. Just take a look.
This is on fracking, 500,000 Pennsylvania jobs. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
[Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.
I was actually -- I'm just looking at my hair. I don't like it. I should have been looking a little left. No, I started looking at my hair. I can tell the -- am I allowed to go back and re-comb it? No. Now, she was against fracking from the beginning.
I've been against nothing. I was the exact opposite. I was in favor of what -- because it's tremendous wealth. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country in the world, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia, more than anybody. And we're going to start using it. We're going to make a lot of money.
We're going to pay down debt. We're going to do a lot of things. But she was against it from the day she was born. Her father was a Marxist and I guess is a Marxist professor of economics, which is an interesting play on words, Marxist and economics. And -- and I don't know. And I think your father wants to come out now, which is good, because we're trying to see -- I bet he's a nice man, but we would like to have him say -- but we just want to win this thing fair and square.
It doesn't matter how we win. We have to win this battle to save our country. Our country is going so bad. Under Kamala's high-cost energy policies, Pennsylvania electricity prices are already up 50 percent and are projected to more than double in the years ahead. Year and a half, they expect to be doubled.
Not only are they not going to be double, your energy prices, that's car, gasoline, because we're going to end the electric mandate immediately, OK? Your energy prices will be cut in half within 12 months from January 20th, which is when we would take over. So, your energy prices, and that's going to bring down the price of everything.
That's how they screwed up our country. That's one of the ways, one of the many ways. They spent too much. They borrowed too much. They did everything too much. But we're going to cut your energy prices by 50 percent, and we can do it. Most countries can't even think about that. We can do it, because we have it right under our feet.
We have more than anybody. We have ANWR in Alaska, the biggest find anywhere in the world, as big as Saudi Arabia, they think. Whether it is or not, it's close. And I got it done. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done. Nobody could get it done. I got it done. We're all set to go. This guy gets in. First thing they did is cancel ANWR.
We'll get that started immediately. We'll supply all of Asia with oil and gas, which they need. But Kamala's energy disaster stops the day I take office. We will terminate the green new scam immediately. I will stop energy price hikes. I will rescind the natural gas export ban. They ban it. They ban it.
They don't know why. If you ask them, "Why did you ban it?" "Well, we don't really know." We'll have energy independence. Again, think of it. Energy independent. Just four years ago, for most of American history, Pennsylvania was the commercial and industrial powerhouse of the United States of America.
But after years of globalist, radical left politicians making bad decisions like Kamala, they waged a war on your commonwealth like never before. And they annihilated your steel mills, decimated your coal jobs, assaulted your oil and gas jobs, and sold off your manufacturing jobs to China and other foreign nations all over the world.
They destroyed so many states. They're going to come back. Under the Trump administration, we're going to take back what is rightfully ours. We're going to bring it back with smart tariffs, tariffs, taxes. Not on you, by the way. The taxes aren't on you. Taxes are in other countries that have been ripping us off for years, and we did it with the USMCA.
But we're going to do things that you won't even believe. These companies are going to be begging to come back, because if they don't -- if they don't come back and open up plants here, they're not going to be selling their product in the United States, OK? They're not going to be selling their product.
We're going to end the looting and the pillaging of Pennsylvania. We will bring back our manufacturing jobs, our energy jobs, our coal jobs, our steel jobs, and we're going to bring back our dreams. Starting in January. We will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
And it is, but it won't be that for long. If you have a couple of more years, you're not going to have the best and biggest, and we're going to lose the dollar, the sanctity of the dollar. And once that happens, that's like losing a war. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 to 15.
Just so you know, it was almost at 40. And everyone said, "You won't be able to get it down." I got it down to almost 21 -- to 21 percent, got it passed by Congress. And we had -- we took in more money at 21 than we did at almost 40. Think of that. The money was flowing. We did a -- we did a tax cut that created jobs.
Businesses were coming in. And now, we're going to take the 21 percent down to 15, which makes us the most competitive nation in the world. So, the biggest and most competitive. But here's the hitch, but only -- and this is pretty cool. This is my idea. I'm very proud. I had calls from the biggest, most intelligent, supposedly intelligent.
What's intelligence? I don't know. But the most intelligent people on Wall Street. "Where did you come up with the idea?" Because I'm saying you're only getting the low tax rate, and it's only going to be for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. So, they go down from 21 to 15, but they have to make their product here, right here, like in Pennsylvania.
And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a stiff tariff when they sell their products and send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers. We don't want that. And our cherished and now protected companies, we're going to protect those companies that have made the investment and companies that are here that will leave.
And I did do a big favor, because you do a lot of auto parts especially. So, you probably heard that, in Mexico, that China was going to build among the largest auto plants in the world. They were going to knock out cars, left and right, destroy Michigan, destroy Detroit. I just left Detroit. They were very happy.
So, about a year ago, I found out about -- I have a friend. He builds the plants. He's the biggest in the world at building the plants. I said, "I want to see an auto plant. You got to show me one." I said, "Where would we go?" He said, "Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico. I want to see one here."
He said, "We don't make them here. We make them in Mexico. We make them in China." He said, "What's that all about?" He said, "That's the way it is. We don't make them." I said, "So I can't see one here. I don't want to go to Mexico." But they were going to build the biggest plant in the world in Mexico.
When I heard this, I said, "Wow." And then, I leave Detroit. And, you know, they're taken out -- they lost 38 percent of their automobile business. Since became -- since they took over, 38 percent of the automobile business has gone. This is after decades of just losing, losing, losing to other countries.
So, I did you all a favor. I said, "That big beautiful plant that they're going to make, billions of dollars, it's going to make thousands and thousands of cars virtually a day. It's the biggest -- it would be bigger, almost bigger than all of Michigan automobile manufacturing and just a couple of plants."
I said, "I'm going to put a tariff on every single car that's made in Mexico, owned by China, and it's going to be so high that it won't work." And I don't give a -- it's not going to work. And I'll make it a hundred percent. And if that doesn't do it, I'll raise it up to 200 percent. They're not going to have one car come into our country.
And I saw that man when I was, two weeks ago, in Detroit, in the Economic Club, making a speech, beautiful people, beautiful everything, beautiful room. Everything was perfect. And I look out in the audience, and I see the man that builds the plants. I said, I got to see that guy. So, I say, "John, how are you doing with that big plant in Mexico?" He said, "Sir, it's been terminated. It's been dropped. They think you're going to become president, and they're going to lose their shirt if they -- because you're going to put tariffs on --"
So, I did you a favor. I did you a favor. Because they won't be able to sell any cars, because we were going to put the tariff so high that it wouldn't work. And other countries do that to us. But we have the best, we could do it better. We have the pot of gold that we're going to keep the pot of gold.
So, that was a great thing. Say thank you, Pennsylvania. But no, but Detroit. I'll tell you, they are so happy. Because that was going to wipe out Michigan. That was going to wipe out -- that's why the autoworkers in Michigan love Trump. And you know what? I won the Teamster vote. How about that? The Teamsters like Trump.
They all like Trump. The firemen like Trump. And law enforcement -- we've got every law enforcement group virtually in the entire country, every law -- she hasn't got one. She doesn't have one cop in a corner that didn't like somebody. She has nobody because she's horrible in crime. She's horrible in everything.
We will also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. If China or any other country charges us a 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them a 100 or 200 percent tax in return. It's called an eye for an eye. And you know what's going to happen? They're not going to charge us any more tax. That's going to happen.
Or they'll move their companies into the United States, and we're going to be their workers. That's the way it goes. And then, they won't have the tax to pay. It's very simple. If Kamala -- do you think she thinks about this? She has no idea what the hell I'm even talking about. She's probably sitting there.
She thinks -- she thinks she's going to raise taxes on companies by 40, 50 percent. That would mean you all lose the jobs, and they'll just go to another country. Because, you know, a lot of these executives, they're international executives. A lot of them don't even live here. They don't even come from here.
They don't care. They go where the best deal is. When I get it down to 15 percent, and then we have everything else going for us, nobody can compete. They're going to be pouring into our country. But they'll leave our country if you raise their taxes to a certain -- They'll leave. They don't give a damn.
They couldn't care less. If Kamala gets four more years, she'll obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, destroy your family finances. And many people will die because they're going to be coming across the border at levels that are five times greater than even now. You'll have 200 million people coming in, not 21 million.
Twenty-one million people came in, in three and a half years. There's never been a border in history where a number like that. But you'll have 200 million. You won't even have a country anymore. Kamala's inflation nightmare has already cost a typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she wants to raise the typical family's taxes by $3,000 a year.
Congratulations. Does anybody -- this is the only person I've ever seen campaign on, "I will raise your taxes." All my life I've watched politicians. "We will cut your taxes. We will --" She said, "We'll raise your taxes." There's something wrong with this whole deal, I'll tell you. This country's gone crazy.
The taxing queen, they call her, is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
[Audience boos] So -- so, first of all, the sound up there is lousy. So, here's what happens. I tell my people immediately, "Don't pay the bill for the guy that did that," OK? And then they get a story. "Trump doesn't want to pay the bill." No. You know, when people do a lousy job, they did a lousy job with the sound.
But the good news is you understand it. They want to raise your taxes, and that's not acceptable. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses. We have a lot of taxes we're going to be cutting, getting rid of, but we're going to have some special ones. There'll be no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors.
And I'll also make interest on car loans. This is one that nobody thought of. We're going to make interest because we want to build cars, right? So, this is like getting a cut in price, a huge cut. I'll also make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible, but only for cars made in America. I don't care if they're made in Japan.
What the hell do I want to do it for? Because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream, and that's what we want to do. We want to bring back the American dream. We're going to do it, too. As we restore our economy, we will also secure our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala Harris has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people.
She has eradicated our sovereign border and she has unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens all over our country. Kamala has imported an invasion of criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa.
The Congo, they're letting in tremendous numbers. They're letting out all their prisoners from the prisons in the Congo. And they're coming into the United States and they're forcing them into our country. And we're accepting them because we're led by stupid people. And she has resettled -- all of these people are being resettled.
You know of Springfield, a beautiful place, Springfield in Ohio. You heard about this, 52,000 people, they put in 32,000 illegal migrants. Think of it. So, they wake up one day, and they've almost doubled the size of their town. They can't get into their hospitals. And the mayor's a very nice person.
He wants to just help them, but you can't because the town is destroyed. And all he's looking for is interpreters because on top of everything else, they don't even speak the language. And then, you have Aurora in Colorado, and that's where you see these thugs from Venezuela. And she's resettling all of these people into communities and, in many cases, they prey on innocent American citizens.
One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang called Tren de Aragua. These are young thugs that's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terror spree all over America. Towns all over America are petrified that they're going to be coming here.
But they're in more than just Aurora in Colorado. And the governor's petrified of them. He doesn't know what to do. Now they're even taking over Times Square in New York. Let's take a look at these guys. This is a tough group. [Begin videotape]
[Audience boos] And this is what we have coming into our country, and we're not going to have it any longer that I can tell you. And we're going to have to get a lot of them out fast because we're not safe. And the United States has now become essentially an occupied country. We're an occupied country.
Talking about tens of thousands of people like this. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5th, 2024, will be liberation day in America. It's going to be liberation day. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099, this was Border Patrol numbers, illegal alien convicted murders, these are convicted murders in prisons all over the world, are on the loose in the United States.
We've become a dumping ground for nations all over the world. They're dumping people into our country that they don't want because they're too dangerous and they're too expensive to take care of. It's very expensive having them in jail for 50 years, and they bring them to us. I said something yesterday, I thought it was terrible, and then I realized it was actually good, first time I ever said it.
We've become like a garbage can for the rest of the world. They're throwing all their garbage into our country. And we're not taking it. And they know we're not taking it. They don't want me to win this election, that I can tell you, because we live with these people and we'll get killed by these people.
These are dangerous people. These are really dangerous people. There's nothing you're going to do about it to make them less dangerous. Immediately, upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. And I will rescue every town across America that's been invaded and conquered.
They've been conquered. These towns have been conquered. And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or we'll kick them the hell out of our country and fast. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage groups and gangs like MS-13, one of the most violent gangs of the world in Long Island -- They, for whatever reason, they go to Long Island.
Two young girls, 16 years old, were walking to school and they were captured by these animals. And they don't use guns because they're not painful enough. They use knives. And they cut the girls up into little pieces, killing them both. And they paid a price. But you know what? They should have never been in our country.
I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. We have to go back that far. Think of that. Because that's when they ran the country a little tougher to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole, zero possibility.
And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. I will end catch and release. I will end all migrant flights. They fly them in here by the hundreds of thousands. They fly right over the borders. It's not even believable. I will outlaw sanctuary cities, and I will ban all welfare and federal benefits for illegals.
And then they won't come, they won't come. Kamala Harris is so incompetent and so unfit that she's obviously disqualified from being president of the United States. Anybody that would've put up with this. She never even called. You know, the Border Patrol they endorsed me last week. And then they endorsed me, it was full- throated.
And they've endorsed me every year. I mean, they're great because we had some great four years. We had it done. All they had to do is leave what we had, but they didn't want to do that. But the Border Patrol endorsed me. And endorsing me, they said, "She is the worst there has ever been." She's not going to be allowed to destroy our country like she destroyed San Francisco and like she destroyed California.
And you see what's happening there. Everybody does and everyone knows it. But no one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. From humiliating our country in Afghanistan with crooked Joe to the war in Ukraine to the nightmare on our border, to her inflation catastrophe, to her egregious hurricane response, which was worse maybe than even Katrina, Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path.
To make her president would be to gamble with the lives of millions of people. She would get us into a World War III guaranteed because she is too grossly incompetent to do the job. She's not going to be able to deal with President Xi or Putin or Kim Jong Un or anybody. And then, all of your sons and daughters will end up getting drafted to go fight for a war in a country that you've never heard of.
Our enemies are laughing at her. They're laughing at us. But if we win, our enemies won't be laughing anymore, I tell you. They're not going to be laughing anymore. They're not going to be laughing. Viktor Orban, he's the head of Hungary, a very powerful man, very strong man. They said, "You bring back Trump, you're not going to have any more problems. When he was president, we didn't have any problems."
Now, I wouldn't use this term, but he did. He said, "China feared him. They were afraid of him. Russia feared him. They were afraid of him." Look what I did to Russia. I ended Nord Stream 2. Never -- nobody ever heard of Nord Stream 2. Nord Stream 2 was a pipeline that covered all of Europe. I said, "You mean we're protecting you through NATO and you're giving them billions of dollars a month for their energy? That's no good."
I ended it, boom. When Biden came in, he approved it. And then they say, "Oh, Trump was very friendly with Putin." No, no. Putin would say, "This is not a great friendship." But I had a relationship. And, you know, they're a nuclear country, so are we. And I'm going to get that war settled because millions of people are being killed.
Far more people are being killed in that war than you think. October 7th would've never happened with Israel. Think of it. All those people would be alive. October 7th, it was a carnage. If we win, America will be feared and respected again. But we're not just running against Kamala. She means nothing actually.
She's purely a vessel. Has to be, right? You saw her on the town hall the other night with Allison Cooper. Did you see? This is Allison Cooper of CNN. No. Allison interviewed her. She couldn't answer a question. She couldn't. She was terrible. We can't have that running our country. She can't put two sentences together.
Just like we were not running against crooked Joe Biden. We weren't running against Biden. We're running against something far bigger and more powerful than them. They took his job away. They walked into his office and they just said, "You're not going to be president anymore." He went through the system.
And I guess I'll use their term, they were a threat to democracy. Right? They took -- he's president. They said, "You're out." How about that? Crazy Nancy and a few people, they just said, "You're out." But it's a big machine, which is a massive, vicious, crooked, radical left group of people that runs today's Democrat Party.
They're vicious. They're smart. They're way left. They're communists, probably. Remember I said, "We will never be a socialist country," right? Remember? Because I like to say I was right about everything. I was right. We skipped socialism. We went down to communism. I mean, right? I think that's -- oh, he's saying it.
The man down here is saying it. But this is the real group that we're fighting. We're fighting a group of a -- like an amorphous group of people that seem to be invisible, but they're not invisible. These are the people who are doing such harm to our country with their open borders policies, record-setting inflation, the green new scam for $93 trillion.
They want every building in Manhattan to not have windows anymore because they think it's environmentally friendly. It'd be very interesting. How do you sell an apartment? Let's see. I want to buy a beautiful apartment. It's got no windows, but it's environmentally friendly. No, these are sick people.
But we're not going to let this bullshit happen any longer. [Audience responds affirmatively] We're going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th, and we are going to make America great again. And we're going to do it fast. On top of it all, Kamala says she would do nothing differently from Joe Biden.
She said it. "No, no. I would do nothing differently." You know, we lost 325,000 children. Do you know that? Think of it. You never hear it from the fake news. They talk about it. They don't talk about the Afghanistan travesty. We lost 325,000 children. They're either dead, probably never be found again, sex slaves, or slaves.
And they were brought into our country through her open border, 325,000. That's big stadiums filled up many, many times. Take a look at this, please. [Begin videotape]
So, you get the picture. You get the picture. It's not a pretty one. Pennsylvania, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out to vote, everybody here. I appreciate the ones that voted, but just get out to vote. And you can start by also voting for David McCormick. He's a great gentleman. He's a great gentleman.
I told him to go and make another speech. He's making a speech. I said, "I will represent you." This guy is a winner. He was a wrestler too. He wasn't as good as these guys, but who is? Not too many people I don't think. But he was a wrestler. He was very successful in business, in school. He was top of the line.
He was the top of everything. And he's running against a guy that doesn't do a damn thing. He's been there forever. And David McCormick is really fantastic. We're also pleased to be joined today by Congressman Glenn "GT" Thompson, who's a winner. A champion. He's a champion. Thank you very much, Glenn.
Thank you. Great job you do. And another one, another great patriot. He loves the commonwealth, he loves the country, Congressman John Joyce. Thank you, John. Thank you. And a woman very respected in Washington and everywhere she goes, frankly. She's on the strong side. I want to say strong. She's a strong person, got a strong personality.
But isn't that a good thing? We need some of that. But she's a very, very special person. And she's really a very good person, too. Marjorie Taylor Greene. Marjorie Taylor Greene. And we have some special people because I really respect winners. So, do you. We'd like to have a couple of them leading our country.
Wouldn't that be nice? But we like to have winners. And we have with us a team that won like 11 out of the last 13 national championships. And they're the current national champion. They are the USA national champions in wrestling. And I would like to ask them, I don't know if this platform can hold them, because that's a lot of muscle.
You know, muscle is much heavier than fat, they tell me fellas. Is that right? But I'd love to have the team come up here, and we can just say hello to them. These guys are -- these guy are something. Wow. That's a lot of muscle. That's great, fellas. Wow. Wow, that's great. Bo Nickal is a friend of mine, fellas.
Do you know Bo? You know Bo, right? He's going to be -- he's going up there in December or November right after the election actually. It'd be very interesting. But he's a winner. He's a champ. Come on up, fellas. Look at these guys. Look at these guys.
So -- so -- you don't know, to win a national championship is great, but to do it like -- like them and another friend of yours -- I guess, most of you are very close to him, it hasn't been that long. Bo Nickal, right, you know?
And he's -- he's fighting a big one in November, right after the election. I said, maybe I'll go. If I win, I'll go. If I don't win, I think I'll be too depressed to go. I don't think I'll go. But he's a great guy. Would somebody like to come up? Who's the biggest? Who's got the best mouthpiece? [inaudible]
[inaudible]
Incredible achievement. Really, best in the nation, best anywhere. I was just thinking maybe they could take over the gang. They could knock the hell out of those guys. They would have -- they're the only guys in the room. They could do that, I could tell you. What a great job, fellas. What an achievement that is to be a national champion many times over and with all the competition, a lot of competition in that sport, too.
So, it's a great honor to have them here. But here are the facts on Kamala. Hard to believe we have to go from them to this one here, Kamala. But she's a radical left Marxist rated even worse than crooked Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. You know who Pocahontas is? She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of the defund the police movement, which means that anybody who wants to defund the police, even for a day, should never be worthy of being President of the United States because the concept is so bad.
Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. ICE are very tough people. Even they would respect ICE, but they're tough. And they get the bad ones out. They took out thousands of MS-13 gang members. They're very tough cookies, but they love our country, and they've done the job. She wants to defund them. She wants to get them out.
As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as a nonviolent crime. She pledged to confiscate your guns. She wants to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to willingly give up their gun to Kamala? [Audience responds "No"] Well, she'll do it because that's her -- for her whole life now.
She just changed that a little while ago because it wasn't working too well with her election. She's a radical left person. Look, she's a radical left lunatic, and that's what you have and now you know her. She went through the honeymoon period. And now, you know. She changed 15 different policies on her, like transgender.
Oh, no, I'm so not -- No, her whole life, she wanted that. She thinks operations are wonderful, to transition a man to a woman is a wonderful thing and without parental consent yet. This is a wonderful thing. Now, if she believed that even for a day, you don't want to have her because it's in there somewhere deep inside, right? She endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership.
She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens that are held in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos] As you know -- did you see the little skit that turned out to be a monster when I went to McDonald's a few days ago? I actually got a call from Sundar. Sundar, who's great, from Google.
He's a great guy, very smart, the head of Google. He said, "Sir, I just want to tell you what you did with McDonald's was one of the single biggest events we've ever had at Google." He said -- I don't know how the hell that happened, but it was -- it went crazy. I did it. It was just a little throw away, and I just wanted to highlight.
I didn't know it was going to blow up like that. But you never know what's going to happen in life, do you? You never know. You never really know. By the way, watch Joe Rogan if you want. He did a little interview. Did you like Joe Rogan? Everyone sees it. But I did that to highlight the fact that a big part of her resume was that she worked -- "Oh, she worked so hard at McDonald's."
She stood over the french fries. That's what I was doing, making french fries. I'll tell you, those things are damn good when you get them before they get cold. And I stood over the french fries because I wanted -- so I went -- I was there for about 15 minutes, which meant I was there for 15 minutes longer than her because she never worked at McDonald's.
She lied. On top of all of this, she wants to make our military woke. I don't think so. Just take a look. [Audience boos] [Begin videotape]
We won two world wars. And let me tell you, we're not woke. These guys aren't woke. A couple of the stupid people we have at the top. Guys like Milley -- General Milley and Mattis. These guys are lightweights, but we have the real deal. We defeated ISIS, knocked out the ISIS caliphate in its totality.
The fact that we were even thinking about anybody, everybody was peaceful with us because they know how good our military is. You could put them in a woke cage for two years, and they'd come out fighting. We're not woke and they never would be woke. Just a few people on the top, and they don't really matter much anymore.
In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American.
I will end the war in Ukraine very rapidly. Would've never started if I were president. Should have never started. Should have never started, a horrible war. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from happening. We're very close to World War III. We've never been so close.
We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. They deserve this. They have to have that respect. We have to give them back the honor and the respect that they deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt the military, but we're going to now do upgrades.
We will build a missile defense shield above our country, all over our country, and much of it will be made in Pennsylvania. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. [Audience responds affirmatively]
I'm going to put in legislation immediately upon getting to Washington that makes it an absolute penalty to burn our American flag. One year in prison, one year. If you want to burn our American flag, you go to prison for one year. I looked at what happened two months ago in Washington, DC, with the horrible scene.
They were burning flags all over the place and spraying -- spray paint on beautiful limestone, beautiful limestone, but that's my business. You know, real estate. Look, limestone sucks in -- it sucks in the paint. You'll see that limestone, you'll see that paint a hundred years from now. They were spray painting the beautiful lions at the main entrance to a magnificent building.
No, no. You burn our flags, one year in prison. They say it's unconstitutional, but I can't believe that. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools and immediately. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms.
That's your Second Amendment. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens maybe for a change, right? We will stop illegal immigration once and for all. It will be ended.
You can come into our country, but you have to come in legally. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will not be invaded, we will not be occupied, we will not be overrun, we will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and loaded up with the American dream.
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know out there. All those people that raise their hands, please get out and vote. You got to vote. And all the people that didn't have to raise their hand, we really appreciate it.
We really do because we're going to have the biggest victory maybe in the history of our country. This could be the biggest in the history of our country. After all we've been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of America. With your help, from now until election day, nine days, we will restore America's promise.
We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. You know, we've been on this journey now for nine years together. We've had the greatest rallies in the history of our country. It's the greatest movement in the history of our country. It's now coming to an end as we know it. It's coming to an end.
In one way it's sad, and another way, it's beautiful. I think it's going to come to a very successful end and then a new period begins and that's the next four years where we're going to make our country so incredible. And we're going to do it so fast. But there'll never be rallies like this, there'll never be -- in four years there'll be somebody come in and they'll call for a rally and they'll have 200 or 300 people.
There's never been anything like this. Not in history. And it's a great tribute to you and the love that you have for this country, and I will never forget it. I will never forget it. But now, we have to finish it off. We have to finish it off with a big victory on November 5th. The biggest -- I believe it'll be the biggest political event in the history of our country.
That's how big it's going to be. Remember, we will be a nation in decline no longer from the day that happens. But we are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never, ever back down, and we will never surrender. [Audience responds affirmatively] Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. [Audience responds affirmatively]
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you, Pennsylvania. God bless you all. Good luck, fellas. Have a good life. Great people, thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you.
Wow. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] Well, thank you very much. This is a rather nice crowd. You can't see the end of it. Hello, back there. Boy, you are so far. I don't know if they can see anything. I want to give a special hello to Coachella. We have had a great reception here.
And look at this crowd. This is, like, record stuff. As far as the eye can see. That means we're going to do very well. This is like a poll and a very also special hello to the state of California. We got to make it better. We got to make it better. I stand before you today in the heart of the majestic Coachella Valley to declare that the Republican Party will always put America first and lead us on to victories like you have never seen before.
We got a big victory because we become the party of common sense. We call it common sense. We're conservative. Who the hell knows? We might even be a little bit liberal. But you know what? We have common sense. We have common sense. That's what it's all about. No, no. We're nice and conservative, but we have -- we do it the proper way.
And we're doing numbers that nobody's ever seen. Look at these rallies. Nobody's ever seen a thing like that. Nobody's ever seen -- and we're fighting for hardworking citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed, right? And that sun is hot. I'll tell you. Should I or should I not put on the hat, the famous hat? OK, who wants me to put it on? [Audience responds affirmatively] Who loves my hair and said you shouldn't put it on. [Audience responds affirmatively]
All right, I'm putting this sucker -- that sun is hot, right? Tell me if it's nice and neat. Got it? Yeah. OK? Mr. Wall. I love Mr. Wall. Front Row Joes over here. Here they come. And we have the great women from North Carolina over here. Look at them. That's number 219 or something for them. They're wealthy and beautiful and they have wonderful husbands, I think.
I don't know. What are they doing? What are the husbands doing? The radical left Democrats have destroyed this state, but we are going to save it and we're going to make it better than ever before. Yet, I've come here today not only to talk about California where you have one of the worst governors in the country, Gavin Newsom. [Audience boos]
Gavin New-scum. No, but you definitely had somebody here that was horrible, Kamala, Kamala. [Audience boos] And now, she wants to destroy our country. We're not going to let her destroy our country like she did San Francisco, right? But how will we save America from suffering the same fate? Because if she's here, you know how we'll do it? By voting for Trump.
It's very easy. [Audience responds affirmatively] Kamala Harris and the radical Democrats have destroyed this state. California's, really it's a paradise lost, but we're going to bring it back. Don't worry about it. We're bringing it back. It'll happen fast. We'll stop the murderers from coming in, the drug dealers, everybody coming into California, coming into our country.
Through generations of American history, California stood as the beacon of what our country aspired to become. It really did. It had everything. It had the weather, it had the water. The state had the best schools, the safest communities, and a booming middle class. But all that was eradicated by decades of the very policies that Kamala Harris wants to now force upon America.
I don't think it's going to happen. [Audience boos] And by the way, we're leading in all the polls, but we have to win. Too big to rig. We're leading in the polls, but we have to do it too big to rig because they are good at one thing. You know what that one thing is? [Audience calls out "Cheating"] He goes, "Cheating."
They're professional thieves. Today, California has the highest inflation, the highest taxes, the highest gas prices, the highest cost of living, the most regulations, the most expensive utilities, the most homelessness, the most crime, the most decay, and the most illegal aliens. Other than that, I think you're doing quite well actually.
Turn it up. We're not going to let Kamala Harris do to America what she did to California. We're not going to let it happen. So, whether you are Democrat, Republican, or independent, this election is your chance to send a message. [Audience boos] [Audience chants "Trump"] Back home to mommy. She goes back home to mommy.
Was that you, darling? And then, she gets the hell knocked out of her. Her mother's a big fan of ours. You know that, right? Her father, her mother. No, you always have that. Now, tomorrow, here's the only problem. So, we have, like, a hundred thousand. We have a lot of people. In Butler last week we had 101,000.
Can you imagine? Celebrating the life of a great person, a great fireman actually, Corey. We had 101,000. So, whether you're a Democrat or Republican or independent, this election is your chance to send a message to the world that the people of California are not going to take it any longer. We're not going to take it. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Kamala Harris got you into this mess and only Trump is going to get you out of it. We're going to get you out of it. But by far, one of the biggest factors in destroying California has been mass illegal immigration and a governor that plays right into their hands. What a shame. What a shame. She got it started, Kamala got it started.
Now she's saying, "No, no. I'd like to see the wall get built." Oh, she'd like to see -- where was she four years ago? This is new. Her poll numbers are tanking. So, all of a sudden she's in love with the wall, which does work. Two things work. You know what they are? Wheels and walls. Everything else -- you can have a brand new, beautiful computer for that beautiful young boy of yours.
And in about two weeks it's obsolete. But wheels and walls never get obsolete. And we built one hell of a wall. We were going to add 200 miles more. And then, we -- bad things happened last time. You know, we got more votes the second time by millions than we got the first. Anyway, they took over and that's when I realized they want to have an open border because they didn't want to put a little bit of extra that I bought, far beyond what I said I was going to build.
And they sold it for 5 cents on the dollar. Can you believe it? These people are so bad. [Audience boos] And now, they're realizing it works and now they want to build some, but it's a little late for them because they're not going to be there very much longer, I don't think. You know, Joe Biden was the worst president in the history of our country.
She's the worst vice president in the history of our country. There's never been anything and we're not going to let her -- I beat Biden. So, we have a debate. He went down. He was down. In all fairness to him, he got 14 million votes. She got none, right? So he goes down. They said, "We want you out of here."
I won't do it. "We want you out of here, Joe." You know, it was a coup. It was a coup. They actually threw him out of office, and I'm convinced that he likes me a little bit more, this much more than he likes her. I'm convinced. I'm pretty well convinced. Across the state, which Kamala, or as she would say, Kamala, helped to make a sanctuary state.
Does anybody really want -- you know what a sanctuary state is? That's a place where you keep criminals, right? Who the hell wants that? The mass migration invasion has crushed wages, crashed school systems. Your systems are a disaster. Wrecked the standard of living and brought crime, drugs, misery, and death.
Now, over the past four years, border czar Harris has delivered the same nightmare invasion to every state in America as your vice president. I can't even believe it. How do you like the vice president she picked? How about that guy? [Audience boos] How about that guy? [Audience chants "Tampon Tim"] I don't know.
What the hell is wrong with our country, right? Look, we used to have the greatest -- Abraham Lincoln, George, right? Now look at this stuff. Can you believe what we're doing? She's so bad. She's so bad. It can't happen. Although, the way things go in this country nowadays, I guess it probably could.
That's why we want to build up a lead. We got to build up that lead because such bad things. And we've got to do it, and I don't want to keep saying it. Too big to rig. I don't want to say it. She's imported an army of illegal alien gang members and migrant criminals from the dungeons of the third world.
They come from the dungeons of the third world. Many, many are prisoners, many are -- some had death sentences. They were going to be executed for murder, but they're now living happily in California and other places in our country. Congratulations. If you see them, I think you should be kind and take them in.
Give them a meal. Let them stay with your children. They'll take care of your children. From prisons and jails they came, from insane asylums and mental institutions from all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo. They came -- a lot come from the Congo. I don't know what's happening in the Congo.
We can almost tell the worst areas because if there's a run on the Congo, we know Congo's not doing well, but they come from all over the world. She's resettled them into your communities. Congratulations. And they can now prey on innocent Americans for a while. If Kamala gets four more years, the entire country will become like the migrant camp of LA and San Francisco.
What the hell is happening to our cities? [Audience boos] Look, it's Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln, stand up. Whoa! Honest Abe. Thank you, Honest Abe. We have them all. We got them. I have no idea who he is, but he looks pretty damn good, I'll tell you. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins.
Begins. You know, I had a big debate with a lot of very smart people, political people, and they're all saying the economy is the most important thing. And when you add inflation, I don't know, maybe it is. Inflation, I put it as part of the economy, but they say the economy and then inflation. And they had the border down as the third.
And I disagree. I think, frankly, I don't even want to speak against myself. I think the border is No. 1 because, you know, we can fix things we can do. But what they've done to our country at the border is unbelievable by allowing 21 million people into our country. It's not sustainable. 645,000 are criminals and some are -- 214,000 are what they call high grade A criminals.
We have them. Think of that. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang. Isn't that nice? They formed their little friendship in prison, one of the meanest prisons you've ever seen. The Tren de Aragua, have you heard of it? This is Tren de Aragua gang.
Nice individuals, very nice. They're in Aurora, Colorado where you have a very weak and pathetic governor who's petrified of them. He's afraid of the criminals. He's the governor. You can't be afraid. But they're in Colorado and communities all over nationwide. This gang is terrorizing law-abiding citizens, including taking over the multiple apartment complexes.
But in Aurora, they're like me, they're in the real estate business. They want to go in. The only difference, I use financing. They use guns. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
So, you know, crime rates all over the world are down. You know why? Every country, every single. Last week, the great Tom Homan -- do you know Tom Homan? He told me last week, 168 different countries were represented that violated the border list, countries that you never even heard of, some countries you've never even heard of them, and some of the most vicious criminals.
And Kamala said a few weeks ago that the people that we take in are much nicer than our criminals. No. They make our criminals like the nicest people you've ever met. The only good thing is they do -- our criminals are considered extremely nice by comparison to the people that we see. They'll cut your throat and the next morning they won't even remember.
This is what they do. These are really bad. These are really evil people. And they also have terrorists coming in and they have the drug lords coming in. And they say, "If you ever come back, we're going to kill you." So, we're stuck with them, but we're not stuck with them. They're going back. They're going back very soon, very quick.
They're going back, and they're going back fast. And if the countries don't want to take them back, I just say very simply, That's OK. We're going to tariff every damn product you sell into the US." And they're going to say like they always have to be, "Sir, we would love to take MS-13 gang members back.
We think they're wonderful people." You know, we had that problem. When I first came in, you had Honduras, and you had, I'd say, three or four different countries, a little bit Mexico. But you had these countries, and they wouldn't take their people back. And I said to one of the generals I want to get MS-13 the hell out of our country. I really don't want to put them in our jail, but I don't want to come back because it's so expensive. So, we put them in and I said, "
General, I want them back." "Sir, they won't take them back." "What are you talking about?" "They won't take them back, sir." "How many -- how much money do we pay that little group of countries?" "Sir, we give them exactly 750 million a year for economic development." You know whose development is? For the president of the country. That's whose development -- for his house. "
So, let me ask you. So, we give them that. Tell them they're in violation of our agreement. Tell them we are sending them back. And if you don't take him. In fact, don't even say that. Just say, we're not sending him any more money." They called up -- they called up following morning, all three. There was three countries in this case, all three separate. They called up, said the same thing. "
Sir, there seems to be a misunderstanding." I said, "No." Obama couldn't get him back. Nobody could get him back. Bush couldn't get him back. Nobody could get him back. I got him back. It took me about one phone call. So, we said, "No, there's no misunderstanding. You send them over in caravans and you don't take them back.
You're going to take them back. And we're not giving you any more money. It's over. Your 750 million a year. It's over." "Sir, we would be honored to take them back. This was a misunderstanding. It would be our great honor to take MS-13 vicious gang members back. We love them very much." And they took them back.
It was, like, no problem. They used to put airplanes on the runway so we'd have an airplane go up, and he couldn't land and come back. That was with Barack Hussein Obama. Have you heard of him? [Audience boos] And we got them all back. We took him out. You know who took him out? ICE. And you know what she wants to do with ICE? She wants to get rid of ICE.
I know some guys in the front couple of rows and they're very tough, but they don't want to be in ICE. They don't want to be -- they're not that tough. But we are known all throughout the world now as an occupied country. We're like an occupied country. We got people taking over parts of Colorado. We have people taking over other states.
A lot of states don't want to talk about it because they're embarrassed. The governor's embarrassed. The mayors are embarrassed. But it's no different really than if we lost a war. But to everyone here in California and all across our nation, I make this pledge to you. November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America, liberation day.
Liberation day. We're going to be liberated. Did you ever think you'd hear that 10 years ago, 15 years ago? We're going to liberate our country from criminals. How stupid are we? How stupid are these leaders. They're stupid people. I will rescue California and every town across America that's been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of the country, which is number one.
In May, an illegal alien was arrested in Los Angeles, you know about this, and charged with statistically raping two women in the back of a windowless van that police said was disgustingly outfitted as "a rape dungeon on wheels." Raped them, raped many people. Detectives believed this, sponsored many more victims whom he drove around late night looking for women, and a remote mountain canyon was involved and the whole thing.
And no cell service, no anything, everything. Everybody was very sophisticated. In other words, viciously tortured. The women were really, really badly hurt. One woman said, "He didn't want to rape me. He wanted to kill me." But they got him, and now we have to put him away for a long time. That's the thing.
I don't know Gascon, but I hear he is down in the polls, and that's a very good thing. [Audience boos] That's a very good thing. Likewise, the savage animal who raped and murdered Rachel Moran. You know Rachel Moran? Beautiful woman, 37-years-old, Maryland, mother of five. Also broke into a home in Los Angeles just before that after crossing the border illegally.
We had the strongest border in the history of our country. Now, we have the worst border in the history of the world. Illegally came in and horrifically assaulted a local 9-year-old girl and her mother, beat him up badly, very badly. One is maybe not even going to make it. In July, an illegal alien who was previously deported three times was arrested in Central Valley for sneaking up to a mobile home early in the morning and setting it on fire while a 32-year-old woman and her 7-year-old daughter and son of 10-years-old were inside, all of whom were killed in the most excruciating death.
The people watched it happen. There was nothing they could do about it. My message to the American people is very simple. No person, who has inflicted the violence and terror that border czar Harris, has unleashed on our country, can ever be allowed to become the president of the United States again.
You can't let this happen. And anyone who would import gangs to occupy America, we're not going to be occupied by anybody, cannot ask to be president of this country. Anyone who orchestrated an invasion of America cannot lead America. Kamala Harris, her reign of terror ends. The day I take office, she's finished. [Audience responds affirmatively]
She's finished. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs. There are many savage gangs. MS-13 is probably even -- even meaner. They don't like using guns. They like using knives. They cut up two young girls, beautiful young girls walk into school in Long Island. They like Long Island for some reason, a lot of them, but ICE got them out, largely got them out.
But two beautiful young girls walk into school, and they cut them up with knives. They cut them up into little pieces. Both of them died. They didn't want to use a gun because the gun's not painful enough. These are animals. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And we will call it Operation Aurora. That's what we're going to in honor of the people that have suffered in Aurora at the hands of this horrible gang, Operation Aurora. And if they come back into our country after -- we are going to throw them out so far you wouldn't believe it. But if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole, 10 years.
And if that doesn't work, it'll be 20 years. And if that doesn't work, I guess it's going to be the death penalty, right? Death penalty. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or law enforcement officer. Death penalty. It's time. [Audience chants "USA"] Kamala's mass migrants, she started this by letting people come in, no proof, no anything.
They didn't need anything. There was no vetting. "Just come on in. Where were you? Who are you? Don't worry. It doesn't matter." Murders were coming. And remember CNN, they had this young reporter young, beautiful, young reporter talking to somebody. "Where do you come from?" "I come from Colombia." "Oh, were you in jail?" " Yes, I was in prison."
What did you do? "Murder." That was the end of CNN for the night. They were not happy with -- when that happened, the cameras sort of shut off, immediately shut off. Now, these people -- because look at -- oh wow, look at all that press. Look at all the fake news. [Audience boos] That's a lot of fake news.
Man, that is a lot of fake news. [Audience chants "CNN sucks."] You know, we need borders, great borders. We had one, but we're going to have it again very quickly. 2016, I fixed it so fast and so good. The difference was -- this is 25 times worse. This is crazy. And in 2016, I said it's going to be the most important election we've ever had, and I meant it.
but nobody knew they could do a thing like they've done. We gave them a border that was perfect. It was great, great numbers, great everything. All they had to do is leave it alone. He could have gone to the beach. You know, somebody told him he looks good in a bathing suit. He has one great thing though.
He has got an ability that I don't have. He can put down one of those 16-ounce little things. They're made out of light aluminum. They're meant for old people and children to lift. He can't lift it, so a child is always with him. And he sleeps. The guy can fall asleep instantly with the press watching.
Who the hell wants to sleep with these people watching? And he's out cold. You see the dribble coming down the side of his cheek. What do you think -- what do you think President Xi of China -- He's a fierce person. I know him very well. He's a fierce man. What do you think he thinks? He's thinking, "Oh, this is great."
But he's actually better than Kamala because, believe it or not, he's actually a more intelligent person. Can you believe it? Did you ever think I'd be saying that Biden is more intelligent than someone? Kamala's mass migrant invasion is also placing crippling burdens on local communities and stealing jobs, resources, and opportunity from African American and Hispanic American citizens.
These people coming in are taking the jobs of African Americans that have had it a long time. Their unemployment rate is through the roof. Wait till you hear the numbers. And also Hispanic American at a little bit less clip. They're replacing people that have been in these jobs for a long time, doing a good job, not bothering anybody.
They're living out their lives and they're being fired. And people that come in -- and we don't even know who the people are. They have no way of knowing. A few years ago, one study found that 1 in 4 students in LA County schools was from an illegal immigrant-headed household. And after four years of Kamala Harris, the number is now a much higher number than that.
Think of that. They come in by the thousands a day, thousands and thousands all over the country. And you've heard the expression, every state is now a border state. They fly them over. That's the one thing nobody knew. It even took me a little while to figure out one out. We wondered, what were all those airplanes doing flying into our country? That's how we found them.
We had like hundreds of planes flying over the border. They say, "We're going to make the border tougher." How about she said, "Oh, we had a good border bill, but Trump talked Congress out of it." I didn't talk anybody out. The bill was defective. It was terrible. Millions of people would've come in and would've been made citizens.
But that's not the point. The point is they slowed it down so the numbers looked a little bit better, not much. But what they didn't do is stop airplanes from pouring in with thousands of people. Hundreds of thousands of people a year are flown into the middle of our country. In other words, they're sick, and that's what they want.
That's their policy. You know, they were trying to convince us, yes -- all of a sudden she said, "Yes, we can do --" For three and a half years. Think of this. She was saying the other day, "Yes. Oh yes, we want to have a border." The first time she ever said it. She almost threw up when she said it.
But the numbers were looking very bad for her, the poll numbers. She was getting trounced. She was getting trounced. And then, all of a sudden, she said, "No, no. We'd like to have a wall. We'd love to have a wall." Remember me? I said wall. And Mexico did pay for it. You know, they gave us thousands and thousands of soldiers.
They paid more. Remember, there was no vehicle for that. I just want to set the record straight because I do everything. We got thousands of Mexicans patrolling our border, free, free of charge. I said to the head of Mexico, the president, a very good guy, very -- he's a socialist, but these are minor details.
I said to him, "President, you have to give us 28,000 soldiers to patrol our border." "Oh, Donald, Donald, I will not do that. Of course, I won't." "No, you will do that. I promise you, you will." "No, no, no, I will not." "Yes you will." He goes, "No way." And I said, "Way." And then, I said -- He a good guy.
He's a friend of mine. He just left the office. He's good, good guy. But why would he do that? He would do that only if we had leverage. And we do have leverage because we're the part of gold. We won't be the part of gold for long if we have idiots like we're talking about coming in and running things.
We won't be a part of gold for long, let me tell you. But he said to me, "No, we won't do that." I said, "So," I said, "here's what you do. I don't want to be talking to you. You're my friend. I don't want to embarrass you with a negotiation. Have your negotiator, please, your top guy come and see me."
So, they came in. [Audience chants "Trump"] What is -- that's nice. That's nice. Thank you. Thank you. What a friendly group this is. I thought there was a little riot over there. Thank you. That's very -- [Audience chants "USA"] thank you. Thank you everybody. Thank you very much, everybody. That's very nice.
Thank you over there. I can't even see them. They're so far away. Thank you very much. They probably can't hear us, so they might as well get into the -- because it is far away. This place is -- this is crowded. But just to finish the story. So, I said -- the guy comes in wearing the most beautiful suit I've ever seen.
In fact, I wanted to say, "Who's your tailor?" But it wouldn't be a good negotiation. Guy walks in to talk about soldiers on the border. I said, "Who's your tailor?" It just didn't work. So, he walks in, handsome guy, beautifully tailored. And I said, "No, we want you to give us 28,000 soldiers for our border free of charge."
And he laughs at me. He sort of laughed. The State Department woman, very good. 25 years, she's worked on Mexico. She said, "Sure, they'll never do that." I said, "Yes, they will, 100 percent." He said no. I said yes. He said no. I said yes. Then I said, "Here's what I'm doing. I'm signing an order. Every freaking car that you sell into the United States is going to have a 50 percent tariff, and every piece of merchandise you sell into the United States, starting on Monday morning," this was a Friday evening, "will have a tariff of 25 to 50 percent, and we'll make a tremendous profit over and above the cost to you."
He said, "May I have a minute, sir, and call somebody." I said, "You're going to call the president, right?" "Yes, I am." Came back. I said, "Do me a favor. I'm very late. They're trying to impeach me, and I have to work on that a little bit." These sleazebags. I've been under investigation more than Alphonse Capone.
Think of it. And they considered me to be a great president. Nobody did what I did, nobody. So, what happens is this. So, he comes back two minutes later, "Sir, I'd like to report that it would be our honor to give you thousands of soldiers, sir. We would love to give them to you free of charge, sir."
I said, "Thank you very much. Thank you very much." So we gave -- Mexico was a big contributor. I just wanted to set the record straight. You know, remember when I said if they don't give, we're going to build the wall 10 feet higher. I was going to do that, too. The massive costs of illegal immigration are now being experienced by communities all across the country and are destroying your children's education, their safety, and indeed their lives.
Your children are in danger. They can't go to school with these people. These people are from a different planet. Kamala is turning us into a third-world nation. That's what happened in San Francisco. When she was the DA of San Francisco, the things she did, she started that whole decline with our victory.
Jesus, Willie Brown. Who said that? Who's that guy? What -- stand up. This can only happen in California. Yes. Yeah. I didn't say it, remember that. He said it. He said it. He said it. You remember when a man -- we're talking about this guy, Chris Christie. He went off the reservation, right? We have some people -- and some guy shouts out to me, "He's a fat pig, sir."
Nobody heard it but me, but it was still -- he said it. "Sir, you should not call Chris Christie a fat pig, please. He's not a fat pig. You shouldn't. You're very rude, sir. We're going to have to throw you out if you do it again. He is not a fat pig." And you know what? The press, they said, "That son of a gun."
They couldn't even report this because I was defending because you're not allowed to use the word fat. You can use any word you can. You cannot call somebody fat. That's not allowed anymore. You lose your job. You lose your life. With our victory, we are going to become, and quickly, the greatest, strongest, freest, safest, and most powerful nation the world has ever seen.
And on day one, I will close the border, and I will stop the invasion of illegal criminals coming into our country. And despite all of the damage that she has done to this state and to our nation in the past four years -- she's the worst. Oh, she's terrible. She's terrible. Thank goodness she doesn't have much energy, because if she did, she had real energy, she'd really be bad.
Kamala Harris said this week, she can't think of one thing, not one thing that she would do differently. Take a look. I'll show you a few. [Begin videotape]
[Audience boos] How dumb an answer. The whole campaign is based around the fact that she's not going to do what Biden did. And then I was waiting -- I was watching that one live. I got to watch my things. It's part of my business, right? It's a little different. But I had to watch it, and I said, "Oh, this is going to be a killer answer."
You know, I assumed she was going to go through a whole list of things that she'd do differently. She said she wouldn't -- the worst president in history, and she said she'd do it the same. That answer that you would do nothing differently is a totally disqualifying answer. It disqualifies her from running.
Think of this. Eighty-six percent of the country feels that we're on the wrong track, and she's giving it. Can you imagine? Eighty-six percent record of the country feels that we're on the wrong track. Doesn't that tell you something? It tells you -- it tells you we got a problem. I actually worry about the next three months.
I really do. I worry about the next three and a half, four months. We'll end up in a world war because of this -- the people that we have. And if you're on the wrong track by that amount, how can you keep someone who has stated plainly and clearly that she would do nothing -- she'd do nothing from Biden? With your vote, I will act with urgency and speed to save America and to rescue the people of California from Kamala Harris's atrocious failures.
I will very quickly deflate -- we are going to take inflation, and we are going to deflate it. We are going to deflate inflation. We are going to defeat inflation. We're going to knock the hell out of inflation. We're going to use a thing that we have more of than anybody else. It's called liquid gold, oil and gas.
And we're going to make America affordable again. For all of the working people struggling under the highest taxed state in the nation, we will have large tax cuts. We're going to give large tax cuts for workers, and we will -- ready? No tax on tips, no tax on overtime, [Audience responds affirmatively] and no tax on social security benefits for our seniors.
None. By contrast, Kamala is known as the taxing queen. The only election I've ever seen where they say, "We're going to raise your taxes. Vote from me, I'm going to raise your taxes by 72 percent or something," and they're going to end the Trump tax cuts. I gave you the largest tax cuts in the history of our country, larger than the Reagan tax cuts.
They're going to end them, add that to it. Her plan will raise taxes for the typical American family by more than $3,000 a year. In Detroit, two days ago, I also announced that we will make interest on car loans fully deductible because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream. We've lost the American dream in this country.
We have lost it for our young people. They want the American dream. They want to have a great life like Elon Musk. They like his life. How good was he the other night? Did you see him? He was so happy. He lives a reclusive life, the life of a super genius. But he's rather dark MAGA. That's right. He's a different kind of a guy.
He's great. He sees a hat. I didn't even know we made them. It's all black with black letters. That's called very subtle, right? You hardly even see Make America Great Again. He fell in love with it and he wore it. I don't think he's taken it off in weeks. He wore it. And I said, "What is that?" He said, "It's dark MAGA."
I said -- I said, "Elon. That's the coolest thing I've ever seen." Anyway, he gave us the best endorsement. He endorsed me a few months ago. He said, "If Trump doesn't win, it's probably the end of our country." He means that, too, by the way. He means that. And you know where he is today? He's campaigning in Pennsylvania for me.
That's how good -- he feels it's so important. And I really think we won't have a country left. Elon -- oh, he'll be -- [Audience chants "Elon"] he's a great guy. But really, I got involved last week because as you know, Biden and Harris have done a horrible job on North Carolina and some of the other ones, in particular, the first of the -- the first of the hurricanes that came in.
It really wiped out North Carolina. And a person called -- a person I know, an official in North Carolina and says, "Sir, we're wiped out here. All our lines are down. We have no power. We have absolutely no communication." It became to the mainland. What happened is the water was so high, it created -- they were literally landlocked.
And he said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" And I said, "Yeah, I do. What do you need?" He said, "We need Starlink." I said, "What the hell is Starlink?" True. I said, "Elon, what the hell is Starlink?" No. I said, "What is Starlink?" He said, "Communication. Very good communication." So, I called Elon. I said, "Elon, they're in big trouble in North Carolina. They need Starlink and you guys --"
they're doing so well with it. It's a very hard thing to get. So, I said, "You guys, is there anything you can do because it's for --" In the meantime, my phone rings, and it's the guy from North Carolina thanking me, and I'm still on the phone with Elon. I said, "Elon, what the hell did you do? You told them that you've got it before I even hung up."
So, he's on a different planet than us, right? He said, "Yeah." He said, "Yeah, you were talking and I was going --" Whatever. And he got it. He got them a lot of it. He got it. And I said to the people, "What's better, that or the hard line?" He said, "Actually, Starlink is better. Starlink is better."
But he's a great guy, and he's done a great job. And it's too bad that Kamala didn't do -- I don't even know she -- she's essentially not even gone there essentially. But what happened in North Carolina. And then, Ron DeSantis, who's done a very good job in Florida. He didn't want her even involved. He was dealing with Biden.
He didn't want her involved. I will also cancel Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate. [Audience responds affirmatively] Isn't it crazy? You guys, you have brownouts, blackouts. California's brownouts and blackouts every weekend, every day. And now she says, "Let's go all electric cars." These people are crazy.
And, you know, the thing is that -- and they're great. I like electric, but they're for a certain market. The amazing thing with Elon? He makes the Tesla. And he's a friend of mine. He has never called up and said, "Would you do me a favor? Would you lay the hell off the electric car?" Because he understands.
He's got a great market. It's a smart market. It's a more expensive car. It's got some great things and some assets, but you also have to let gas-propelled, gasoline-propelled cars in and hybrids in. They have another one now. You ever hear about the hydrogen? It's hydrogen. The problem with hydrogen -- has one fault.
Somebody says it's better than everything. Got one fault. If it blows up, you're not recognizable. It's true. In other words, it doesn't happen much, maybe once a day in the nation, if the hydrogen car blows up, it's gone. You're gone. Your wife looks at a tree and there's nothing but blood on the tree.
She said, "I just can't tell. Is that my husband?" No, these are serious problems. They wanted to give me one. I said, "No thanks. I don't want one. No, I'll take electric." But isn't that something? Elon never called up. But he never said that. Swore to you, he never said it. And he said -- whereas Biden would say, "Oh no, I'm not kidding."
You remember when he'd say, "Yes, we've been threatened with war by Russia." No, no, I'm not joking. He always says, "I'm not joking about the -- no, no, I'm not joking." I don't know if anybody understands that. But he's a weird dude, I'll tell you. They called -- they called JD Vance and me weird. How about the vice president, her and Biden, the combination.
But by the way, how good a job did JD Vance do the other night? Our JD. [Audience chants "JD"] I shouldn't say it, but I took him in because he has a very good brain. We like smart people. He's very smart. He was a top, top student at Ohio State. He finished in two years, top of his class. And then -- I didn't know you could do that actually, but he finished two years.
Then he went to the military, was outstanding in the military. Then he came out, he went to Yale Law School. And he and his wife were like top, top students. And I sort of picked him a little bit for the brain. We had a lot of great people. We have a lot of great people that were in that group, and any one of them would've been fantastic.
But JD did a great job the other night. He's a -- the guy that he went against, you ever hear a guy call himself a knucklehead and he's in a debate? I mean, he's the biggest liar. He lied about everything. And how come he went to China 28 times? What's going on? He went to China. You know, nobody asked him that one question.
I kept saying, "Somebody ask him the question, why was he in China 28 times?" There's a guy that's got some problems. By the way, if you think she's all right, she's not. I think she's worse than him, too, actually. But he went to China 28 times, and I'm waiting for somebody to ask him that question.
It won't be the fake news, I can tell you that. It won't be -- it won't be those people. And I will not allow California politicians to get away with their plan to impose a 100 percent ban on the sale of gas-powered cars and trucks in your state. Not going to let it -- that'll be -- that'll be ended in the first day.
That'll be ended. These people, it's unbelievable. To bring jobs, factories, and wealth racing back to our shores, we will have a 15 percent made in America corporate tax rate. In other words, you have to make your product in America. Then you have only 15. Remember, I brought it down to 21 percent from almost 40 percent.
Everyone said, "There's no way you'll be able to." I had to get it passed in Congress. Could you believe it? Again, it's the greatest tax cut, the biggest tax cut and regulation cuts, the most regulations ever cut by a president by, I think, three or four times actually. But we also -- which I think is actually more important.
I asked a lot of the big executives of the biggest companies. "What was more important, the tax cut where we took them from almost 40 percent to 21 percent, or the regulation cuts?" Every single one of them said the regulation cuts, which actually surprised me, but it was the regulation. But I got you down to 21.
And 21 is highly competitive with other countries. We're dealing with other countries because they'll take our businesses in two seconds. It's not like, "Oh, gee, you're not going to give them and they're going to sit still." They don't care about our country. Many of them aren't even from America. They're not from the US.
They're, you know, international business people. Very smart. And they will leave here in two seconds if they can get something substantially. So, I came up with this idea. So, now I have you at 21, brought you all the way down. And I said, "If you make your product here, you don't have to pay 21, you can pay 15."
And people called me from all over the planet. I got calls from the top guys on the Wall Street, "Who the hell gave you that idea? That's so good." And I, oftentimes, say it's like the paper clip. Somebody came up with the idea for a paper clip a hundred years ago. They look at it, and everybody looked at it and said, "Why the hell didn't I think of that?" It's like the same thing, right? And for those who don't make their product in America, they'll be forced to pay stiff tariffs for the privilege of competing with our cherished companies and stealing our jobs, our treasure, our wealth.
And we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs to the benefit of American citizens and pay off debt or we're going to take care of our -- you know, we owe $35 trillion. We're going to start cutting it down very quickly. We'll be able to with growth. We call it growth, but we're going to do that.
We're going to protect these companies with tariffs. Remember this, in many years, many decades, China never paid 10 cents. And what they did to our country was incredible. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs and taxes from China. I don't think they liked me, but, actually, I liked them.
And we actually had a very good relationship, President Xi and myself. Somebody said, "What kind of a man is he?" He's a fierce person. He is. He's a very smart guy. I hate to say brilliant because every time I call him brilliant, the press said, "You said the president --" Well, he is a brilliant guy.
Got 1.4 billion people. He rules it with an iron fist, and the press gets upset when I say he's a smart man. I would think he's a smart man. But actually, he's somebody that we can -- the worst people are the enemies from within, the sleazebags like the guy that you're going to elect to the Senate, shifty Adam Schiff.
He's a sleazebag. [Audience boos] This guy -- no, no, he's a major low life. And because of the fact that, you know, they send millions and millions of ballots someplace, they send them all over the place, California, you don't have anything like a voting booth. They take ballots, they just send them all over the place.
They come back, and they say, "Oh, somebody won by five million votes." And it's so corrupt, so corrupt. But you're going to have shifty Adam Schiff, one of the true -- I know him well because he conceived of the Russia hoax, right? The Russia, Russia hoax. He is a bad person. He's a sick person, not a stupid guy, but he's a sick puppy, that guy.
One of the least -- I'm not allowed to say this because this could cost you your president because you're not supposed to talk about somebody's looks, and so I won't. But to me, he's one of the least attractive human beings I think I've ever seen. Not a stupid person. He's got the smallest neck I've ever seen.
No, he's got the smallest neck. His neck is so small and his head is large, so he's not being held up by much. I can guarantee you, he will not be playing for your local football team, I guarantee. But we're pleased to be joined today by some incredible people and friends of mine and warriors, real warriors, Representatives Darrell Issa.
Where's Darrell? Is he here? Darrell? He's a great guy. Matt Gaetz. Is Matt Gaetz -- oh, look at Matt Gaetz. He's a great guy. He's really a great person. And he's on the controversial side, but that's not bad. And is he here with Ginger? He's here with Ginger. Hi, Ginger. And Ken Calvert, and he is here someplace.
Where's Ken? Ken, thank you. Good job, Ken. Very good job. Do we have enough people for you guys? Do we have enough? Broke the record. There's Mr. Tom Barrack. I didn't recognize him with that hat on. Look at him. Stand up, Tom. Great guy. Great businessman, actually. He's a great businessman. But everybody needs to get out and vote for Ken, who's running right now.
A radical California liberal is running against him. And I gave him a very strong endorsement. I put it out on Truth a little while ago. You saw that. And I want to mention, I heard you were here and I want to mention, so good luck. Get out and vote for Ken Calvert, everybody. We also have members of our great Native American tribes.
They're fantastic people. We have the chiefs. We have -- where are they? They're here. Where are they? They're phenomenal people, and they're doing a beautiful job. They're great. And we also have a lot of farmers here today. You know, I do very well with the -- we do very well with the farmers. But the farmers are having a little rough spot because Biden and Kamala are not doing their job.
You know, I never use the word Harris. If I say Harris, nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about. I say, "Harris is doing a terrible job." And they go, "Who the hell is Harris?" It's a funny name. It's a name -- you know what I'm talking about, Tom? It's a name that nobody knows what the hell I'm talking about.
So, I call her Kamala. We also have a really great governor, governor that I've gotten to know really well in the last six, seven months, and he's doing a terrific job. Spencer Cox of Utah, and he's here someplace. It's a big crowd. He's here someplace amongst a hundred thousand people. Former National Security advisor, Robert O'Brien.
Good man. Thank you, Robert. And, you know, Robert went out and got all of the top people in government, 300 and something of them -- more than 300, and he went out and got them all and they all came in the last couple of days and endorsed Trump. They said, "Trump is the greatest president we've ever had."
Three hundred -- the top -- we only had one problem, Matt. The press refused to cover it, Robert, all that work. But we had 300 of the top people in the country. In fact, people that didn't even like me totally said, "He's great. I don't like him. But man, was he good." Because I protected our country.
And that was great. But the press hasn't picked it up too much. I'll have to give it to Matt Gaetz. Robert, give him the list. You know, if that was -- if that were Kamala, they'd make it headlines with Trump 300, much more than they had. And these are much better people than they had too, that I can tell you.
Because remember this, I kept your country safe. We had no wars, and I'll keep you out of wars. But we did have one, which I had to finish up, ISIS. It was supposed to take five years, but it took me two months. We also have a man who's a really fantastic person. He's really great, did an unbelievable job on lots of things.
He actually started off as the ambassador to Germany. And the greatest day in Angela Merkel's life was the day I took him out to promote him. She said, "Oh my God, thank you." He drove Angela crazy, and that's a good thing, not a bad thing. His name is Rick Grenell. Thank you, Rick. And he did a -- he did a fantastic -- and Kash Patel is here, one of our real warriors, a real warrior.
And also somebody that's doing a beautiful job out here, even though, sadly, when you've sent out 38 million ballots and just send them out, they come back, what the hell? We're going to have to work on that when we get in. We're going to have to work on elections. We need -- we need borders, and we need fair elections, and we're going to work on it.
But she is doing a great job, and she says I'm setting all sorts of records, GOP chair, California, Jessica Patterson. Jessica, thank you very much. Thank you. Great job. Just really good job. Somebody else who was so fantastic today. He's tough. He's a sheriff and he's -- he fits that one. And he had the most beautiful family I've ever seen.
Everybody's like a perfect specimen. I said, "Sheriff, you're great, but your family looks even better than you." And I liked him from the moment I met him and I talked to him a little bit. Because this was not an easy one to pull off, let me tell you. We had a lot more people than some people thought.
A lot of people thought this was what we going to have. But a lot of people said, "Maybe you'd have 10,000, maybe 20,000." But they didn't say 100,000. But he pulled it off. And he pulled it off because he's tough, and he's smart, and he's proud of his state and his country, Chad Bianco. Thank you, Chad.
He is like central casting. Thank you, Chad. What a family, though. Look at the family. Thank you, thank you both. Great. Another man, he wrote a song it went to number one on all the lists, you saw it. We put it -- that's right, he said Tom MacDonald. He's Tom MacDonald. Tom? Where's Tom? Thank you, Tom.
That's a great song, too. I was honored by it. You know, he did the song, and I didn't know Tom as well as others and now I know him very well, but he did the song and it went to number one on every single list, so -- and another man is here, and I thought the movie was great. Dennis Quaid is here with his brother, Randy Quaid.
Two very good guys. That movie was great. Ronald Reagan. Did you like him, did you like Reagan? You liked him. He liked Reagan. He liked Reagan. I think you have to like him to play him that way. You did a beautiful job, thank you. And a very rich guy. He owns this piece of land, and he's been after me for three years.
Please use it, just use it. We love you, sir. He's an unbelievable patriot, an unbelievable Republican. But you know what? That's less important, he loves our country. Al and Betty, we have to say, Hagen. Where's Al Hagan? Where is Al? Al Hagan. Great. Thank you, Al. A great property. Nice property, Al.
I used to be in the business, it's very nice. That was really beautiful, thank you, Al. And Steve Hilton is here, who's been on television doing a fantastic job, where's Steve? Where is Steve? He's around. And we have a lot of other people. We have a lot of congressmen, we have some senators, but I've had it.
That's enough of this stuff. But I also want to send our love to all of the people back East who are recovering from two really devastating storms, hurricanes. Our hearts are with those who lost a loved one or a home and that was a rough -- that was a rough one, God bless them all. Kamala Harris is grossly incompetent.
She didn't do a good job. She didn't do a good job. She's got to do a good job, and she didn't. But the most radical left vice president in American history, that's what she's known for, she did so bad in so many different ways. And we're going to get onto a much more pleasant subject, it's called the revitalization of our country.
We have a -- we have a situation in our country where we're not going to let people continue to destroy it. California has been horribly mismanaged. Nothing has been managed worse than water. Do you know water? It sounds simple. Oh, water, what the hell is water? I was with Devin Nunes. Did anyone ever hear of Devin Nunes? He was brave.
He got big awards for what he did, he's very brave. He's the one that figured out the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax with Jim Jordan, the great Jim Jordan. Two great guys. He's now running Truth and doing a very good job. Truth, get on to Truth. But Devin, I'm riding up California, and we're going up toward the north and we look at this land.
I said, "Why is it all so barren? And then right in the middle of it you have this little green spot that's so beautiful, so vibrant." He said, "Because they have no water." I said, "Oh, I didn't know you had a drought. Do you have a drought?" "No. We take all of our water way up north and we route into the Pacific Ocean."
So, instead of coming down to past the farms where you take the farms, you had thousands and thousands of acres that was dead bone dry. And they tell me, farmers tell me, it's the finest land in the country, it's like Iowa land. It's the finest land in the country, but they have no water. Artificially, they reroute it because they want to save -- there's a fish, Delta smelt.
Anyone ever hear of it? And it's not just in this area. By the way, the Delta smelt is doing extremely badly, especially since it has no water. They think they have a fish and their way of saving the fish is not to give it water. Somehow that doesn't work. But you have a little Delta smelt, but you have other areas, so it's not like to this area only.
And millions and millions of gallons of water over a short period of time gets pumped right into the Pacific Ocean. They have a giant faucet like your sink, except a thousand times bigger. It takes one day. They turn it. It's a big valve it goes over and the water pours by the millions of gallons. It pours into the Pacific Ocean, which for the Pacific is like a drop.
Just like it drop. And if they turn that faucet the way it should be, it's been that way for years. And I went to your governor, and he said, "Well, the hard part is the federal government." It was actually Department of Commerce, and I got it worked out at Department of Commerce. Within two months, everything was done.
Then, I went to see Gavin New-scum. [Audience boos] And I said -- and they didn't want to do it. They had all sorts of, you know, reasons, nonsense. They use the environment -- everybody uses the environment to stop things. But we're not going to let that happen because it was toward the end, and we're not going to ever let that happen again.
You would have so much water. I read where in Beverly Hills and Bel-Air, they want bring you down to like 28 gallons a person. You know, that sounds like a lot. But you know what that is like about a seven-minute shower. You know, you spend a fortune for a house and you can't take a shower. So, we're going to take care of our farmers.
We're going to take care of your water situation, and we'll force it down his throat. And we'll say, "Gavin, if you don't do it, we're not giving you any of that fire money that we send you all the time for all the fire -- forest fires that you have." It's not hard to do. We just had so many other things to do.
I was working on two Russia hoaxes, I was working on impeachments, I was working on indictments. They went out of their way to keep me busy because they didn't want this to happen. They didn't want this. It could have happened to nobody else, believe me. But Devin has done a fantastic job. We are going to have -- that farmland is going to be the most fertile land.
One of the farmers told me, "Sir, it's the best land in the country. They won't give us any water." I actually said, "Oh, you have a drought?" I figured they didn't have rain. I said, "No, the opposite. We have so much water, we don't know what to do with it." But they won't let the water come down. You know, I think these guys actually hate our country, if you think.
I think they hate our country. With your vote this November, we are going to defeat this radical left country destroyer, her and him, and we're going to finish what we so brilliantly started. We have so many different things, and yet, you know, we're very consequential. You know how I know that? Because only consequential presidents get shot at.
You know that? It's true. Biden's got no problem sleeping on the beach. If I slept on the beach, it would last very short. Wouldn't be good. The Secret Service wouldn't be too happy. Say, "Kids, I want to go to sleep on the beach." Who the hell sleeps in front of the paparazzi, the media? How do you sleep in front of the media? The cameras are rolling, and he's lazy.
And you know the amazing thing? He's out cold within two or three minutes. I could never do that. I toss and turn at night. I sweat, I toss and turn thinking about things and deals, "How am I going to get China for what they're doing? How am I going to do this?" I toss and turn and toss and turn. I, then, wake up, and then I go to work and then I go late to bed, I toss and turn.
He goes to the beach. He lays down and he falls asleep. Within two minutes, he's stone cold out. They're always showing him in pictures, he's stone cold out. I consider that actually a great ability. I'd like to have some of it. Not all of it. I'd like to have a little bit of it. Maybe he can sell it.
If he could, he would do it, I promise you. We will quickly become energy independent and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby drill. And, I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months. Your energy prices will be cut within 12 months. And remember what I said, California, you're going to have so much water, you're not going to know what the hell to do with it.
They're going to call me -- remember about winning when I used to do this about winning? They're going to call me in the White House and they're going to say, "Sir, please, please, we have too much water. We're flooding. Please, sir. Please, we have too much water." Right now. You don't have any water.
Artificial. It's artificial. "Sir, please could we see you? We have far too much water." I will stop outsourcing and turn the US into a manufacturing superpower, and I will end a war in Ukraine, stop the chaos in the Middle East. And I will prevent very definitely World War III. We're very close to World War III.
Very, very close. Are they OK back there? Take your time, doctor. Doctor, thank you. Is there a doctor -- doctor in the house? Yeah. Take your time, please. Don't forget, they've been here for two days, three days. These guys have been here for a long time, so take your time. [Audience chants "We love Trump."
] Thank you very much, great. Thank you, doctor. Let's give that incredible person a hand. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. They've been here, a lot of people have been here a long time. And I know you didn't notice, it was about 100 degrees out today. It's not exactly cool up here either, but now it's pretty nice.
In fact, now we could go on all night, it's suddenly getting very nice. We go all night. Right? Front Row Joe stands up. They want -- they want to go all night, I'll tell you. I will crush the violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and the respect that they deserve. They're great people.
They're going to end -- they're going to end our crime problem very quickly. All we have to do is give them the word, they're ready to go. They don't want to lose their house, they don't want to lose their car, they don't want to lose their job, their pension. What they do to our police, our police are incredible.
They want to do the job, they're not allowed to do the job. When thugs walk into a department store, 400 or 500, they walk out with refrigerators, could you believe it? With air conditioners. And our police are told to stand back. They're not going to stand back, and we're going to indemnify them against any problems they have, federally.
We will end all sanctuary cities and in California we're going to get rid of your sanctuary cities. They're cities to protect criminals. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield. And it'll all be made in the USA and a lot of it right here in California. And we will not have a woke military. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
We're not going to be woke. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington DC, which is a disgrace what they've let happen to it. With graffiti all over the beautiful Aurora marble, they have the most beautiful marble. They have graffiti all over the place. They have roads with potholes.
We're going to fix up our Capitol, we're going to make it so beautiful. As well as Los Angeles and San Francisco. We're going to bring them back and make them safe, and clean, and beautiful again. And I will support universal school choice, which is so important. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. [Audience responds affirmatively] I will defend the Second Amendment, protect religious liberty, restore free speech, and we will secure our elections like they've never been secured before. And under the Trump administration, we will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, American taxpayers first, American workers first.
And American communities, we're going to put them first. But we will put communists, Marxists, and fascists last. They're going to be last, and they will always be last. We will defend our territory, we'll defend our families. We will defend our communities, we will defend our civilization. We will not be conquered, we will not be occupied.
We will not be invaded, we will reclaim our sovereignty. We will reclaim our nation, and I will give back your freedom, and give back your life. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda once and for all.
And we want record numbers, we want to make it too big to rig. We want to go out and have record numbers. Get everyone you know and vote. After all, we've been through together and we've been through a lot, we've watched our country disintegrate right in front of us. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country, I think we could do that.
I think these have a chance to be the four greatest years in the history of our country. [Audience chants "Four more years."] And with your help from now until Election Day, we will redeem America's promise, and we will back the nation that we love. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, I believe that, and take back our country.
And together, we will make America powerful again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America wealthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America healthy again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America strong again. [Audience responds affirmatively] We will make America proud again. [Audience responds affirmatively]
We will make America safe again. [Audience responds affirmatively] And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Make America great again."] [Audience responds affirmatively] Thank you very much, California, and thank you, everybody. God bless you. God bless you.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I am so sorry. Here's what they wanted to do. We got so tied up, and I figured you wouldn't mind too much because we're trying to win. And I got interviewed by, actually, a great guy. I didn't know him too well, but I got to know him because it was the longest interview I've ever done in my life.
Joe Rogan, a good guy. And it's a -- you know, it's quite something, and we had some other things, really important. And I said, "You know, we're going to get this stuff done." And my people came to me. "Sir, we could cancel our evening event. I'm sure the people wouldn't mind." I said, "Are you crazy? I'm not canceling."
There's no way. I'm not canceling. There's no way. We never even -- so I apologize. But, you know, it's all about winning. We got to win. And we did some things today that will help us win. I think we did a lot of taping. A lot of this, a lot of that, a lot of everything. And we're way up. I'm not supposed to say that, but we're way up, not only the polls but the early voting.
I guess we're leading in all seven swing states. [Applause] OK. Forget I said it. Forget it. Because everybody has to go out and vote. Who's voted so far? Who's going to vote? I always figured you like to vote a little bit late. This party just likes to vote a little bit late, and that's OK. I understood it.
I never went crazy over the one or the other, but we're leading, actually, in places where traditionally, the Republicans don't lead. In fact, they can go down 30, and then they catch them at the end, right? But a little scary, a little spooky. But we're leading in just about every one, right? Just about every one.
And it's usually, they lead, and then we catch them. And in our case, we usually beat them. We did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020. But, you know, a lot of bad things happened there. But this one, this one blows it away because we've never had enthusiasm like this. And part of the reason is they're so bad.
You know, you got a little dose of bad management. You got a little dose of incompetent people. You know where she is tonight? She's out partying. So, Israel is attacking. We got a war going on, and she's out partying. At least we're working to make America great again. That's what we're doing. [Applause] Kamala, Kamala, she's the worst president in the history of our country.
She's the worst vice president in the history of our country. She was on CNN the other night, two nights ago. She couldn't put two sentences together. This is not going to be our president. We better not let that happen. It'll be the end of our country. So, I want to say a very big hello, Michigan. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] Yes, thank you all very much. We're going to have a good time. Look, I figured we're going to be a little bit later. It wouldn't matter. It's a Friday night, right? You lose total track.
Remember when Biden used to get up, and he'd say, "It's great to be in Idaho." "Sir, you're in New Hampshire." "Oh." You know, if you do that, if you make that mistake, it doesn't matter. Winston Churchill was a great speaker. If you made that mistake, it doesn't matter who it is. The evening's over.
You're dead. But he used to make it all the time, right? "It's great to be in Florida," and then you'd see it'd be Vermont or someplace. Crazy. Well, we've gone through with this group of incompetent people. And, you know, what? We couldn't stand four more years -- or you couldn't stand another -- I'm not sure we can stand another three, four months of it if you want to really know the truth.
But I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back the American dream. We're going to bring it back. [Applause] And this is all you really need to know. They broke it, and I'll fix it.
We're going to fix it, and we're going to fix it fast. We're going to fix it fast. With your support on November 5th, America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. We're going to be -- we're going to do it. We got a lot of work to do. You know, when they allowed 21 million people to come into our country in three and a half years -- think of it.
It's much more than that, I believe. They have no idea. Nobody even has any idea. You don't even know how big the country is. Is it 325? Is it 350? You know, countries usually know approximately what size -- they allowed so many people. You have no idea how big the country is, but we'll figure it out.
But we're going to get rid of the bad ones real fast. We have to. We have no choice. And this election is a choice between whether we will have and whether we're going to have four more years of incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. We're going to do that.
Kamala Harris, Kamala, Kamala. [Audience boos] She's so bad, you know. No, no. She's so bad. Can you imagine? President Xi, he's a fierce person. Somebody said, "What's he like?" I said, "He's fierce." He walks in. We say hello. "We will immediately get back to work." You know, he's fierce. There's no games.
You know, there's no games. When he sees this, he can't believe it. I guarantee you that. What the hell has happened to our country? So, I say this. They say the biggest thing -- on the polling, the biggest thing they have is the economy, and then they have inflation, and then they have the border. And I disagree.
I think the border is No. 1. I think the border and the inflation is terrible, and the economy stinks because of the inflation. It stinks because of the inflation. But I think the biggest thing is the border because they have allowed millions of people to come in from prisons and from mental institutions and destroy our country.
And we're not going to let that happen. But I really believe -- does anybody agree with that? Because I do. [Audience responds affirmatively] Kamala Harris is leading a hate campaign now. She's got a new thing going. You know, I think now they're calling me a dictator. So, they started off where I was a dictator.
None of it worked. Then they went to "He's an evil genius." That didn't work. Then they went "He's a dumb son of a bitch." That didn't work. That didn't last long. That didn't last too long. Then they went back to the dictator stuff. They don't know what they're doing, those poor people, those poor, lost souls.
They're like lost souls. They're radical-left lunatic Democrats, and they all suffer from Trump derangement syndrome at a level -- and she's joining. I saw Hillary today. We're having a big thing on Sunday at Madison Square Garden. And I guess in the 1930s or something, some guy who was inclined toward the Nazis had something, and she said "It's just like the 1930s."
No, it's not. No, no. This is called Make America Great Again. That's all it's called. [Applause] This is not like -- you know, Hillary conceded. I don't know what's going on with her. 3:00, 3:01 in the morning, she called me, and she conceded. I don't have to tell you the whole story, but she conceded.
I don't want to be rude to her. Why would I be rude to her? She's rude to me. Why wouldn't I be rude to her? Well, I am. You know, when the crowd used to shout, "Lock her up, lock her up," they shout -- and I used to go, right, "Just relax. We're going to win." And then we won, and they still said, "Lock her up," and I said, "Just relax. We just won. Just take it easy,"
because I couldn't see the wife of a president of the United States being put in the hoosegow, right? I couldn't see it, being put in jail, being put in prison. And, you know, she was also secretary of State, and I hear her talking like -- you know, there's never been a man investigated like Donald J.
Trump, not Al Capone. Alphonse Capone, if he had dinner with you and didn't like you, you were a dead person. I spent more time under investigation than Scarface Al Capone. But it's amazing. So, there are a lot of people that wanted to put her in jail. They didn't give a damn. I said no, "You can't do that, the wife of a president."
And then I get in there, and they go after me, these animals, these dirty animals. I'm leading a movement of optimism and confidence and hope, and I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again because there's nothing to be excited with these idiots running it. [Applause] You're going to start thinking about the big dream and the American dream.
You're going to start dreaming again, and this will be America's new golden age. We're going to make it the golden age. We have a little bit of a -- you know, we're sort of behind the one-yard line. We got to get rid of some of the problems that they've caused. But the reason the enthusiasm is so good is because of that.
If we would have done it the more traditional way, like you win and you win and then you retire, I guess, for the rest of your life, right? What the hell. So, we won, and we won, but they said, "I'm sorry." And then we won again. We won -- think of it. We'll say we won three times, but we don't want -- we don't want the results of the second.
We don't want those results, but we're going to clean up the results of the second, and we're going to clean them up good because the results of the second -- you take a look at the crime in our country, take a look at the crime. It's never been like this. When I was debating that fake newscaster on ABC, David Muir, a fake, a fake sleazebag -- [Audience boos] I don't watch him anymore.
Everything I'd say, he'd say, "Well, no, no." I'd say crime is through the roof. It's rampant. He'd say, "No, no, crime is down." I said only a stupid person would say crime -- you don't have to know anything. You don't have to see statistics. The crime is up. And then when you add the migrant crime, which is going to make even our crime look like peanuts -- and by the way, these migrant criminals, the only thing good about them is they make our criminals look like nice people, very nice people.
Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands, and it really is. You know, if we win Michigan, we win the whole thing, the whole thing. [Applause] And you have to vote for me. I just killed the biggest car plant anywhere in the world, in Mexico, owned by China.
I just killed it. It's dead. It's dead. Detroit would have closed up. This thing is so big, and I heard about it. I've been talking about it. I've been up here a lot. I talked in front of the Detroit Economic Club. It was very nice. And I talked about these plants that are being built in Mexico, near the border.
They're going to make cars and sell them into the United States. It's going to be like making crackers. Owned by China. And they were going to come through, and they were going to destroy your business up here. You've already -- I mean, your business, over the years, look over the last 30, 40 years, it's been decimated compared to what it was.
We're going to bring the car industry back to Michigan. We're going to bring it back to Detroit. But I heard about this big one in particular, but this massive plant's going to be built. And they're all set. You heard the story. A friend of mine, he builds plants. I said, "Take me to a plant. I want to see a plant."
He said, "We'll have to go to Mexico." I said, "No, I want to see one in the United States." He said, "Well, there's no big one being built by comparison. You want to see the big ones, you got to go to Mexico." I said, "You got to be kidding. What's this all about?" And he said, "No, we're building some really big ones for China."
So, I immediately thought -- I said, "How do we kill those suckers?" And I said, "We're going to put 100, 200, 400, 700 -- we're going to put the biggest tariffs. There won't be one damn car that's going to be able to come through our border." And I said -- I announced it. And at the club, I announced, and then, you know, a week ago, I was -- two weeks ago, I was at an event, and I look, and I see the guy's name is John, great guy.
He's the big guy. He's the one that builds a lot of the plants, most of them. He's really amazing, actually. That's what he does. If you -- if he had to build a little apartment someplace, I don't know if he could do it, but he can build a plant that's two miles long, and he's great at it. And I said, "How's that plant coming?" This was a year ago, the first time I met him.
And he said, "Well, sir, they just canceled the plant." "Who just canceled it?" "China and Mexico is furious." "Why are they furious?" "Because the plant was canceled." I said, "Really? Why did they cancel it?" "Because they said they thought you were going to win and that if you win, you're going to put big tariffs on them, and they're never going to sell any cars into America and destroy Detroit. And they just canceled it."
So, we're happy, right? I just found out about it a few days ago. So, we just killed what would have been the biggest plant probably anywhere in the world that was going to destroy the state of Michigan. So, you're going to now vote for Trump because, let me tell you, Kamala is never going to be doing that.
Kamala doesn't know she's alive. If you watched her, if you watched her being interviewed by Allison Cooper the other night, who's a nice person -- do you know Allison Cooper? CNN fake news. Oh, she said, "No, his name's Anderson." Oh, no. If you watch that interview, you would never want her as your president.
She couldn't answer the simplest question. What's going to be the first thing you think about? What are you going to do? "I grew up with a beautiful lawn." She said that in the debate, too, the same stuff. I had David Muir and that other one. I don't even know who the hell her name is. I don't want to know her name.
Somebody said, "Oh, we'll get her name, sir." I said, "I don't want to know her name. Why would I want to know her name? Just say Madam No Name." But they were hitting me left and right. They're the worst. I'll tell you, actually, ABC might be the worst. But I think "60 Minutes" has really topped it, though.
60 Minutes interviewed Kamala, and she was incapable of answering questions. And they took the main question, like one of the early but a big question. They asked, and it was -- I don't like the word "word salad." I mean, it's like stupid. But it was just a big jumble of words. It was just like rambling on.
It didn't go anywhere. And, OK, they asked the question. They took it out, threw it away, and they put a brand-new answer in that was a fake answer. Didn't even pertain to that question. And they got caught. And to me, it's the biggest scandal in broadcast history. It's election interference fraud, and "60 Minutes" should be taken off the air.
They should. And CBS should lose its license. You know, the government, the government gives us license to NBC fake news, ABC fake news, and CBS fake news. They have to pay. If they had to pay, they'd pay billions of dollars. They get them for nothing. They pay nothing. They're public airways, they pay nothing.
And, you know, what? The one thing is you have to be honest, and they were very dishonest. And ABC was very dishonest with David Muir when he just never asked her anything. Everything I answered, boom, they would criticize. And they were wrong on, I think, all of them, and all of her answers were wrong.
They never questioned her. This is interference with an election, but worse than that, I think, honestly, with "60 Minutes," they took her answer out and put a new answer in. [Audience boos] Do you think they'd do that for me if I gave a bad answer? [Audience responds "No"] You know what they do with me? I give a long, beautiful, flowing, weaving answer.
It's the weave. I call it the weave. You have to be very smart to do it. The main thing is you have to end up in the right location. If you end up out here, that's no good. But I call it the weave. What they'll do with me is they'll take out a piece and another piece, you know, and that's bad. But it's not like they can say, "Well, we want to shorten the answer. You know we have time, right? We need time."
But they took this -- and so, I think it's the worst thing. And we're going to be suing them because -- and I'm suing them on behalf of you. I'm not suing them for me. I'm not suing them for me. I'm suing them for you because that's really a fraud on the American people. So, why should they get a free license when they do that stuff? They're so biased.
It's so disgusting. And you don't get the real picture of a candidate when they do that. You don't realize she's close to a moron, OK? You don't realize that because they give you another answer. It wasn't a great answer, but at least it was, like, semi-normal. So, we're going to probably sue them. I think we're going to sue them.
Should I sue them or not? [Audience responds affirmatively] All right. Stay tuned. Stay tuned. It'll happen fast. It's such an easy thing. How do you go -- how do they go to court and say, "Well, Your Honor, we did it, but -- " I mean, that was a big thing. How do you -- it's got to be very embarrassing for them.
They have no answer. They actually said they have no answer for it. They got caught cheating. And we want the rest of their answers because they probably did it with other answers, too, right, because this woman -- can you imagine this is going to be your president? I don't think so. Michigan, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala Harris that "You've been a horrible, horrible vice president.
You've destroyed San Francisco when you were the DA. You were horrible as the attorney general working with Gavin Newscum. You destroyed California. You're a disgrace to your nation. You shouldn't be running for president. You picked the dumbest vice president in history, maybe even dumber than you." This guy is the dumbest guy. What a choice. Somebody said, "
You got lucky, sir." "Why?" "They picked this guy. He's dumb as a rock." Of course, you could make the case that -- you know, there's a theory. Pick a really bad vice president. That way they never get rid of you. So, maybe she did a very smart thing. Who knows? But we're going to say, "Kamala, you're horrible.
Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're useless. You're horrible. You're horrible." I'll tell you what -- can you believe, though? She's out celebrating. You know what she -- how do you celebrate when you're down by, like, a lot? Do they realize it? Because, you know, the votes are so -- this isn't even polls anymore.
These are the votes of, you know -- and if they come in, even not like they're coming in now, even, you know, less good. And, you know, things can happen. Number one, they cheat like hell. So, maybe they know something that we don't, right? They might know something that we don't. I don't know. Why the hell would she be celebrating when you're down? Maybe -- I never thought of that.
Maybe she knows something we don't. But we're not -- we're not going to let it happen. We're not going to let it happen. We can't let it happen. But the polls are open for early voting here in Michigan, and we're setting all-time records in the votes. You know, the votes are -- you're setting all-time records in the votes because people -- look at this place.
I mean, it's -- what is it? What time is it tonight? What the hell. What is it? Right? It's 11. He said it's 11. I mean, it's freezing out. Is anybody cold? I'm not cold. [Audience responds "No"] I'm not cold. So, we're setting records with the votes. The early voting is records. The Trump people are coming out.
They're voting like crazy. And, you know, typically, we get our voting -- the big voting that we get is at the end. So, if we were anywhere near tied, and we're more than tied, we're going to have a big time. It's going to be the greatest -- it will be the single greatest political victory in the history of our country, right? MAGA, Make America Great Again.
So, let's keep going. Don't let up. I shouldn't have told you what I told you tonight. But look, now, I have an excuse. I said, "Well, we made a mistake." No, no, I shouldn't have said -- they said, "Don't tell them, sir. Don't let them keep -- " You have to vote anyway because you can't trust them, right? Too big to rig, too big to rig.
We have to bury the hatred and the lies and the avalanche, and we have to do it in an avalanche of votes. And every time you see a smear, every time you hear them attack, take the motivation to go out and vote, vote, vote. You just go and vote. And get your friends and tell your girlfriend -- she's got a husband.
He's a big slob of a guy. And tell him to get the hell off the couch. "Harry, you big slob, get off the couch. We're going to vote for the president. We're going to make America great again." We're going to make it great. Got to get them. Got to get them. With your help, 11 days from now, we're going to win Michigan.
We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. [Applause] For generations, this state was the beating heart of the car industry and one of the greatest manufacturing centers anywhere in history. Yes. OK. Doctor, please. Doctor, thank you. Take your time, doctor. Take your time.
Plenty of time. [Audience chants "USA"] Are they OK? Everybody OK? You all right? You let us know when. We got plenty of time. We love our people. They have a little problem. They have a little problem. We're OK. We'll wait. We don't give a damn, right? I'll tell you, we have such great doctors in these audiences.
You know, you need a doctor, and those doctors are all over there. Great doctors, too. Great, great doctors. How's that going? Let's go. OK. Thank you. Let's go. But year after year, globalist politicians like Kamala Harris sold you out, and they let other countries loot, pillage, and plunder our wealth, our jobs, and our dreams.
They just stole it from us like we're a bunch of babies. Forty percent of Michigan auto jobs were annihilated after NAFTA, the worst deal -- trade deal ever made. And I terminated it, by the way, if you don't mind for the USMCA. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization was a disaster for this country, and they got all sorts of favorable trade status.
They said they were a developing nation. Well, Detroit's a developing area. You can't say Detroit is exactly -- you know, when I said -- the other day, last time I was here, I said, "We got to bring Detroit -- " Because honestly, for 45 years, I've been hearing Detroit, Detroit. We're going to make it great.
But when I sort of gave it a little knock, I said, "Let's face it. We've been ripped in Detroit. We got to make Detroit -- " They said, "He was disparaging." I'm not disparaging. I'm telling you the facts. You need businesses to come back into this place. You need businesses. Otherwise, forget it. You can't make it, and people have to understand it.
I guess probably a couple of politicians were hurt by that. I said, "Don't be hurt. You'll be happy when we have auto plants moving in all over the place because we're going to do tariffs, and we're going to do tax incentives and all this. You'll have so many plants and so many jobs, your head will spin. We're going to be bringing back the companies that we lost."
We lost companies that were -- just so stupid how we lost them, and we lost them because we had dumb politicians. They're all coming back, every single one of them, because they want to be here. Under Kamala, the United States has lost 50,000 manufacturing jobs just in this year alone. You didn't know that, right? [Audience boos] U.
S. car sales are down 38 percent since I left office. Think of that. So, you lost 50,000 jobs this year, and the car sales down 38 percent. I mean, a little more, you had -- just think of it, almost 50 percent of you in just a short period of time. So, where the hell are you going? You have this union guy.
They want to make all-electric cars. We're going to end the mandate for electric cars on day 1, on day 1. And electric cars are great, and Tesla is great, and Elon is great. He is the greatest guy, by the way. He gave me the -- and there's a great market for them, but they can't all be electric. You need -- we have liquid gold.
We have gasoline. We have oil and gas. We have gasoline. China doesn't have gasoline. And the electric cars are all going to be made in China. That's the way it is. That's the way it is. So, we're going to change it around. We're going to have hybrids. We're going to have gasoline-powered cars. We're going to have electric cars.
We're going to have everything. Maybe not hydrogen cars. You know why? Because they blow up, and when they blow up, you are not recognizable. I just said -- today, I said -- your husband's driving a hybrid, and it blows up. "Ma'am, would you please come down and identify your husband?" He's alongside of that tree.
And you go like this. "I don't know if that's him." No, I don't like that idea. They say they work pretty well. That's not good. They work pretty well. But when they don't work, you can forget it. I think we should take them off our schedule, all right? So, you got to vote for Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to right here in Traverse City.
Isn't that nice? Nice place, nice place. [Applause] And you people are great. I can't believe it. You know, I figured when I got here, there'd be like 20 people, and I was ready to do the full -- look at this place. It goes back. I wish the cameras would show it, these cameras, the fake news. That's a lot of fake news, too, I got to tell you. [Audience boos]
Look, that's a lot of fake news. I wish you'd show -- they never show the crowds, you know. They never show it. You ever see Kamala's crowd? They put like 10 people. They bus them in. They take a bus, and they pay people. That's true. They pay people. They don't get people. They put them like that, and the camera always shows those people.
I don't know. It's so crazy, isn't it? We don't have buses bringing people. The people come here. And we appreciate that you stay, really. I mean, look at that, all the way to the back. Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the biggest and best market on the planet.
But we're not always going to be the best market. We're close to blowing it. We'll be -- we'll blow it, and we will lose everything. And we're going to keep our dollar standard, by the way, 100 percent. We're going to lose that. And we're not going to go into World War III, little things like that. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent Made in America corporate tax rate, cutting the tax from 21 percent to 15.
Now, I'm the one -- it was almost 40. I got it down to 21. But here's the key. We're going to cut it all the way down to 15. The jobs are going to be flowing, companies because it's going to be about the most competitive rate in the world. But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. [Applause]
You're going to have more people coming in than you would believe. And you will -- you'll see. I mean, it's incredible. You know, Wall Street, these four or five geniuses from Wall Street called, and they said, "Where the hell did you get that idea? You get the tax cut but only if you build the cars here."
The other thing we're doing, I will tell you now, is we get you interest rates. We get you the interest. You're allowed to deduct it when you buy a car but only if the car is made in, like, Detroit, meaning the USA. Anywhere in the USA is OK. But I would like to see it built here because I've been hearing about this experiment.
For 45 years, I've been hearing about it, and we're going to turn it around. We're going to do it. It's going to be a great legacy for all of us. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a stiff tariff when they sell --look, when they put their products into our country, into the United States, for the privilege of competing with our workers, they're taking our workers away.
They're taking our jobs away. They're taking our product and our companies away. We're not going to let it happen. So, they're going to have to pay a very stiff price to do that. But what they're going to do is they're going to bring their business here because that way, they have no tariff to pay. It's sort of simple, and it's what China has been doing for a long time.
And I've been telling them for a long time. And what they're doing is unbelievable. These politicians are either dumb or they're crooked, OK? And I think it's probably a combination of both. We'll also pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, reciprocal meaning if China or any other country charges us 100 or 200 percent tax, then we will charge them a reciprocal tax of 100 or 200 percent.
Right now, we don't do that. And I was starting it, and then we had a little bad election result, would you say? Think of what this country would be like. We wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have any wars because if you look at Iran, they were broke. They had no money to give to Hamas. They had no money to give to Hezbollah.
They had no money. And they were -- there was no terror. You know, there was -- four years, we had no terror. Russia would never have attacked Ukraine. They wouldn't have done it. Think of it. We had gasoline at -- I thought it was 1.87. It was 1.84. It was just adjusted, 1.84 a gallon, think of that.
Would you like to have $1.84 a gallon instead of $4? [Audience responds affirmatively] I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families. And you know what I said? They said, "Please don't say that, sir."
I think women like me, but they say we're doing unbelievable with men. They've never had anything like it. White men, Black men, men like me. They say women don't, and I say they do because we're going to protect. And I said, "I'm going to protect women and families. I'm going to protect from the criminals coming in from the border."
We're getting them out from foreign bad players, from criminals, period. We're going to protect. They said, "Sir, please don't say you're going to protect women." "Why?" "Because it doesn't sound really well." I said, "I think it sounds fine. We want to protect." I mean, that's our job. We have to protect.
So, I think I should override my experts. Do you agree? [Audience responds affirmatively] We're going to override them if you don't mind. And I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth. And thank you very much. If Kamala gets four more years, she will obliterate our economy, kill millions of jobs, and destroy your family finances forever.
That's what's going to happen. You'll end up -- if this person who doesn't know anything -- she wants to raise taxes on everybody. If she gets in, you're going to have a 1929-style depression. That's what's going to be. It's going to be a disaster. You see it already. Think of it, almost -- look at all the jobs I just said.
You're losing all your jobs in three and a half years. They're going backwards. And you had the worst inflation in the history of our country, and an inflation is a country buster. But with all of that, the border is worse. The border is worse. I don't give a damn how bad the inflation is. What's coming into our country, the murderers that are coming in, all these people, that's the worst thing.
Kamala's inflation nightmare has already cost the typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she wants to raise the typical family taxes by more than $3,000 a year. Lots of luck. All my life, I've watched politicians. They say, "We will lower taxes." This is the only stupid politician. She's going around.
She's trying to run. "I will raise your taxes." She's bragging about it. "I will raise your taxes." I'm saying, "Am I missing something here?" I don't know. We have some great people here, we're going to introduce them in a second, and some of the best in the world at exactly what we're talking about.
The Taxing Queen, as she's called, is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production, all along the largest capital -- she wants the largest capital gain increase in our history, and it's unbelievable. Take a look at this video. You're getting a beautiful video late in the evening.
It's beautiful. Play a little music. Go ahead,
[Video clip] I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message.
Thank you. So, I am going to massively cut taxes for the workers, and included in that is no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security for our great seniors. [Applause] And we're going to get it done, too.
Did you see where she copied me like a month and a half later? "I am going to announce no tax on tips." That's the last time we ever heard of it. Not going to happen. She wouldn't be able to get it passed anyway. We will quickly become energy independent, and we will frac, frac, frac and drill, baby, drill, right? We're going to drill, baby, drill.
And I'm going to cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent. We're going to cut them in half in 12 months. We're going to cut your energy prices down. You know why? We have the liquid gold. We can do it. We buy our oil now from Venezuela. Can you believe it? Venezuela. It's not oil, it's tar. And the only refinery that can do it is in Houston, Texas.
So, for the environmentalists out there, that stuff is dirty. That's dirty. And we have the best stuff in the world, the most -- we have the most and we have the best, and we're going to use it. And we're going to cut down on our debt, and we're going to cut down on everything. We're going to turn this country around so fast.
But your energy bills, your car, your air-conditioning, your heating, your hot water, everything, it's going to be -- from January 20th, one year from now, you're going to pay half, and you'll be able to do it. And that's going to bring down other prices, including food prices. People are talking about groceries all the time.
That's going to bring them down. As we restore our economy, we will also secure our borders. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people. That's the border. She's eradicated our sovereign border, and she has unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens.
You're reading about it every day. They said, "Oh, no, they're fine people coming in." They're not fine people. They got murderers. You got drug dealers. Kamala has imported an invasion of criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo.
And she's resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent American people. And, you know, a lot of communities have them. And the ones that don't are even more scared because they don't want them. They don't want them. They're saying, "Please don't send them." And these are rough people. Some of them are really deadly people.
One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country is the savage Venezuelan prison gang. Isn't that nice? They formed a group in prison. Tren de Aragua. It's very well known. MS-13 is another one. That's taking over apartment complexes in Colorado and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.
They've even taken over a place called Times Square in New York City. It's a horrible thing going on in New York. Let's take a look. [Begin videotape]
It's terrible. This is what we have coming into our country. It's terrible. The United States is now an occupied country. We're an occupied country, and you don't maybe see it around here as much, and who knows, but you probably will. But all over, all over, they're seeing it. And they're also taking Hispanic jobs and Black jobs.
They're taking jobs from the Black population and the Hispanic population. And this crummy administration that we have is trying to hold back the numbers. The numbers are astronomical. Wait till you see the numbers of the Black population lost jobs and the Hispanic population lost jobs, and they're trying to hold it till after the election is over because it's a disaster.
And I think they're going to be forced. You know, just like they had 818,000 phony jobs. Remember that a couple of months ago? And they didn't release it. They wanted to release the correction after the election. But we had a whistleblower, who I like very much. I don't know who he is or she is, but I like -- but they announced it before the election.
And it would have been a scandal if it were anybody else, but them -- but they tried -- they created 818,000 phony jobs to pad their numbers. But it will soon be really an occupied country no longer. We're not going to have a country that's occupied. We're an occupied country. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America.
We're going to have Liberation Day. We're going to get them out. Kamala Harris is so grossly incompetent and unfit that she's obviously disqualified from being the president of the United States. How can you have a president of the United States -- and by the way, the Border Patrol -- go ahead. Take your time.
Such spirit here. It's amazing, isn't it? Everyone loves everyone. It's a great thing. Everyone loves -- yeah, take your time, doctor, please. Should we listen to a nice song while we wait? OK. "Ave Maria" by Pavarotti. Want to do it? We'll listen to a song. I want the doctors to take their time. All right.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, doctors. Thank you very much. No one respects Kamala. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. And from humiliating our country in Afghanistan with Biden and her, the greatest humiliation in the history of our country, the time when we were most embarrassed by something, we've never been embarrassed like that, to the invasion of Ukraine, to the nightmare on our border, to her inflation catastrophe, to her egregious hurricane response, it's been so horrible.
Their response in North Carolina was horrible, worse than Katrina if you remember Katrina. The worst. Kamala Harris is a train wreck who has destroyed everything in her path. She can't speak. She doesn't know how to speak. She can't put sentences together. To make her president would be to gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people.
We'd have a major possibility of getting into World War III, which will never happen with us. They're never going to play games with us. Because she's grossly incompetent. She is not capable of doing the job. And normally, I wouldn't be that tough on somebody. But you know what? We can't take a chance.
You got to just get this -- you got to get this horrible group of people the hell out of there. We're not going to have a country left. We love our country. We're not going to have a country left. Kamala is also in total freefall with the Arab and Muslim population in Michigan. She's in a freefall. She sent their jobs overseas, brought crime to their cities, and tonight, in the Middle East, it's like a tinderbox.
It's ready to explode. People are being killed at levels that we've never seen before. And that's taking place right now in Michigan. She is in literally a freefall. They've had it with her. Nobody's in charge. Joe Biden is asleep. Kamala is at a dance party with Beyonce. [Audience boos] And why would Muslims support Kamala when she embraces Muslim-hating Liz Cheney? Can you believe it? Liz Cheney, a total loser whose father brought years of war and death to the Middle East.
Why would you support somebody -- if you're from the Middle East or even associated with the Middle East, why would you be supporting somebody with a Cheney family? The father killed more Arabs than any human being on earth. He pushed Bush, and they went into the Middle East. This person cannot be a president.
She's too weak, too foolish. To represent America on the world stage would be a great embarrassment, and we don't have four years -- we just went through four years. We don't have four years to waste. Earlier this month, I was honored to receive the endorsement of over 400 national security and foreign policy officials.
Think of this. But I can't get the press to write about it. You know, they have some dope like Bolton and this stupid General Kelly as dumb as a rock. They have these people. They get front -- I get 400 people from my administration, the biggest people. They're saying, "He was the greatest president."
They won't write the story about it. But we understand. In the meantime, we're in first place, and they're not. So, somebody understands. Because they're fake news, they don't write the story. And great people, too. They're great people. But they know that under my leadership, we will have peace through strength, and that's what we had.
We didn't have any wars other than we took out ISIS in record time because we have great -- we have a great military, not the ones that you see on television, the dopes like Milley and Mattis and these guys, real dopes. On top of it all, Kamala says she'd do nothing differently from Joe Biden, which has to disqualify her.
I would do nothing differently. You know how bad a job he did? Eighty-nine percent wrong way. She would do nothing differently. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
That's what you're going to have and get used to it. It'll be 100 times worse. Michigan, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out, and you have to vote. We can't play games. We got to end it. It'll happen fast. We got to end it. We're going to have the biggest victory in the history of our country on November 5th.
We're going to do things that people will -- we're going to be respected again. Look, four years ago, we were respected. Your president was respected. Your country was respected. Now, they laugh at us. We're like a joke. We're not going to be a joke anymore. And we had no wars. First time in 81 years, no wars.
I had no wars other than we finished off ISIS. We didn't send your son or your daughter to war. We're pleased to be joined by some terrific people, a man who I just think is amazing, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum. Where is Doug? I hope he -- because you know what? Oh, there he is. I said I hope he's left because, you know, I think I'm keeping the poor guy, and his wife is so incredible.
Kathryn, are you there? Yes. Look at them. And you're not dressed very warmly. Well, you're used to it in North Dakota. These are unbelievable people, tremendously successful people, the kind of people we want in the administration. And I hope we're going to be lucky enough. Thank you very much. Will you go home immediately, please? Just go.
Don't worry about it. Thank you very much. It's really an honor. Thank you, Doug. Thank you, Kathryn. It's really nice. What great people. Congressman Jack Bergman. Jack, thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Jack. He's a tough guy. You know, you're not dressed very warmly either. Are you a little cold? Because -- OK, good.
Unbelievable. That's great. A warrior, Michigan GOP chairman, Pete Hoekstra. And Pete, thank you. So, how are we doing? How are we doing, Pete? Yeah.
We're doing great? You're happy? I said, "Pete, you got to do this. You got to take it over." And boy, has he done a job. Well, if we won, boy, has he done a job. If we didn't, I'll say, "Well, Pete, what the hell happened?" But we're doing -- are we looking good, the votes? Yeah. No, there's your answer, right? It's your answer.
Yep. Great. That's great. And a friend of mine and a woman who is just really amazing, had a great father who I knew. He was a steel man, and he loved his daughter. And he's looking down. He passed away fairly recently, and he's looking down at his daughter, and he's saying, "I'm proud of you." Tudor Dixon.
Tudor, thank you. Thank you, Tudor. Thank you, hon. Here are the facts. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas, not even close. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States.
She was one of the leaders of Defund the Police. You don't know that. You never hear that. You know, they have this quick little thing where once he got out, they went to him. They said, "Get the hell out of here. You're going to lose." We had the debate, and they go to him after the debate. They say, "You're not going to make it. Get out."
It's like -- and then they say threat to democracy. They're the threat to democracy. Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. The great people from ICE, they're tough, and they love our country. And without them, we would have a problem like you wouldn't believe. But she wants to get rid of them. She vowed repeatedly to ban fracking, and as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. [Audience boos]
She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. Would anybody willingly like to give up their gun? Please raise your hand. [Audience responds "No"] That's not an easy one, is it, huh? She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens and detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
And you saw what happened a couple of days ago at McDonald's. It was a monster story. It was just a little throwaway. You know, unlike her, she takes a vacation today. Yesterday, you know, you're running for the 100th time Super Bowl, OK? Take the Super Bowl, multiply times 1,000, and you got 12 days to go, and she's taking vacations.
That's not off to a good start. I've gone 58 days in a row without anything because we got to win this thing. We got to win this thing. [Applause] But she lied about working at McDonald's on top of everything else. She never worked at McDonald's. It was a part of her story, a big part. And on top of that, she would like to see our country go woke.
Take a look at this quickly, a little Marine video. Take a look. [Begin videotape]
[Applause] So, we won two world wars and -- but don't worry about the military. They showed us with what they did with ISIS so quickly, the caliphate, 100 percent. They're not woke. Only those people on the top are a little woke. They'll be gone fast. We have great -- I say you could put them in a woke cage for two years.
They'd come out fighting. Let me tell you, they're not woke. They're not going to be woke. Don't worry about it. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. We're going to save our country. With your support, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Michigan.
We're going to bring them back here and Detroit. We're going to bring them back into Detroit. We will build America, and we will buy American, and we will hire American. And you're going to see things happen at a pace that you're not going to believe. You're going to be very proud of this country very soon.
I will end the war in Ukraine quickly. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III. I know them all. I know exactly what to do. We will crush the violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. They're going to do it.
They're going to be able to do their job. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military. We gave a lot of it to Afghanistan, but actually, still just a fraction but a lot. We gave them a lot of brand-new stuff. How crazy. More importantly, with their stupidity, we lost 13 great soldiers.
Many were very badly hurt, the arms, the legs, the face. They were hurt. We left Americans behind, and we lost Bagram, the biggest Air Force base, one of the biggest in the world, one hour away from where China makes their nuclear weapons. And you know who occupies it? China. China occupies it. How stupid.
How stupid are these people? We will build a missile defense shield around our country, mostly made in the USA. In fact, all made in the USA. And a lot of it's going to be made right here in Michigan. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.
We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports day 1. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment, which is under siege.
After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we will finally -- and we are going to do this. We are going to do it. We're going to build up our country. We're going to defend our borders, and we will protect -- we're going to protect our citizens for a change, our citizens.
We're going to put America first. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. We are now a nation in decline. We're not going to be a nation in decline for very long.
Let me tell you that. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity, hope, and the American dream. We want the American dream for your children. They've got to have that dream. They will not amount to a lot. They've got to have the dream. If they want to really go, they have to have something to aspire to.
We're going to bring back the American dream. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with the landslide that's too big to rig. Early voting is underway, so get out. Who is going to vote? Who's going to vote? Please. [Applause] Yes. You got to get -- does everybody here promise they're going to vote? Promise? [Audience responds affirmatively] OK.
Thank you. I agree. I accept it. I really do. I think everyone here is going to be voting. Everyone. We just can't take it for granted. We have to get out and vote. After we -- and all of the things have been -- what we've been through together --people don't realize what we've been through together.
We've watched our country rot. We stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help from now until Election Day, we're talking about 11 days, we will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. [Applause] We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. This will be the most important day because we're going to take back our country from these lunatics that have no idea what the hell they're doing.
They're destroying our country. They're destroying our families. We're not going to take it anymore. We will, very shortly, be able to make America powerful again, make America wealthy again, make America healthy again, make America strong again, make America proud again, make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Thank you, everybody. God bless you. Thank you. It's a great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you and a very, very special hello to Pennsylvania. What a great -- what a great place. And I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump. We love you."]
And I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now or -- just remember this. I'll tell you what, you remember it. Do you like it better now or four years ago? Well, I asked it a different -- you like it better now or four years ago? And I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans.
With your vote on Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the invasion of massive numbers of criminals coming into our country -- thank you very much, Kamala and Joe -- and I will bring back the American dream, and we'll bring it back stronger than ever before. [Audience member calls out "Thank you"] But this is all you need to know.
Kamala broke it, and we will fix it, and we're going to fix it fast. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. The election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence and failure, which is what we have right now, or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country again. I'm asking you to dream big again. This will be America's new golden age. This is going to be a golden age. And it's hard to believe, isn't it, huh? We're talking about a golden age, but that's hard to believe because we have been so low.
We've never been this low. The image of our country is terrible. It's terrible. It's a failed country. That's what it is. They view us -- they view us as a nation in decline. But even worse, they view us as a failed country. We're going to turn it around. The image is so bad. What they've done to our country -- these incompetent group of fools, what they've done to our country is so damn bad.
And the media -- and the media is so damn bad, it's unbelievable, every [Audience boos] -- every inch of it. Every problem facing us can be solved, but the fate of our nation is in your hands. On Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to go. You got to just go out and you got to stand up. We've done this for so long.
This is nine years. We have to get out. [Audience member calls out "Too big to rig"] But you have to tell that horrible, terrible, the worst-ever vice president -- nobody knows where the other guy is. Where the hell is he? Where the hell did he go, David? Where is he? Nobody knows where the hell -- where is Biden? Remember, we used to go where is Hunter? We used to go where is Hunter? Now, we go where the hell is Biden? Where's Joe? [Audience member calls out "Cheating"] You know, when you think, they just stole -- they stole the election.
It was just they walked in, they said, "You're out." [Audience member calls out "Never again"] Right? That's a threat to democracy. They call me a threat to democracy. They stole the election from this guy. Whether you like him or not, they stole the election. They walked in, they said, "Get out of here, Joe. You're out. You're dead. You're out, Joe."
And man, oh, man, he likes me better than he likes her, I really believe. And you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, Kamala. You've had enough. You're the worst ever. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. Get out. You know, it's -- it's amazing. I watched her yesterday, and she's saying all these things she's going to do when she gets to office.
First of all, she's got three more months. But more importantly, why the hell didn't she do this stuff before? [Audience member calls out "Right"] First of all, none of it did she believe in, none of it. She has changed 15 different policies. She's a radical left Marxist. And if she ever heads this country, this country is finished, and I say it loud and clear. [Audience member calls out "More trouble"]
Everything we've been fighting for so hard to achieve for the past nine years all comes down to the next two days. Think of it. We've worked in this for nine years. And we got a phony press. We got a lot of crooked people out there. We're fighting like a son of a gun. We're fighting. They want it -- they want to -- they are fighting so hard to steal this damn thing.
Look at what's going on. Look at what's going on in your state. [Audience member calls out "Too big to rig"] Every day [Audience member calls out "Thank you"] they're talking about extending hours and stuff. What? Who ever heard of this stuff? We should have one-day voting and paper ballots. Then I just heard that a couple of states may go an extra 12 days.
How the hell do you have an election? [Audience boos] You know, they spend all of this money on these damn machines. And paper ballots, you'd have the -- you'd have the answer by 9 o'clock tonight. It's damn -- it's a damn shame, and I'm the only one that talks about it because everyone is afraid to damn talk about it. [Audience member calls out "That's right"]
And then they accuse you of being a conspiracy theorist. "He's a conspiracy --" And they want to lock you up. They want to put you in jail. The ones that should be locked up are the ones that cheat on these horrible elections that we go through in our country. And I don't know what's going to happen, but for future elections, I -- I won't be even a part of it, but you ought to damn well go to paper ballots, you ought to go to voter ID [Audience responds affirmatively] and you ought to have the election over by 9 o'clock.
I'm hearing now they're going to take weeks. [Audience member calls out "Cheaters"] [Audience member calls out "You'll win."] Can you imagine, they spend all this money -- all this money on machines and they're going to say, "We may take an extra 12 days to determine?" And -- and what do you think happens during that 12 days? What do you think happens? [Audience member calls out "Cheating"] [Audience member calls out "Too big to rig"] These elections have to be -- they have to be decided by 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, 11 o'clock on Tuesday night.
A bunch of crooked people. These are crooked people. You know, in California, they just signed a bill that if you're an official or anybody, you're not even allowed to ask anybody for their voter ID. [Audience boos] And if you do, you've created a criminal act or something. I mean, they only do that because they want to cheat.
What the hell are they doing? The whole world is laughing at us. They're laughing at us. You know what? And if nothing comes out of this whole thing, it's going to teach you, you damn well get -- better get a different system. And these bloodsuckers up there, they do nothing about it. [Audience boos] What a shame? What a shame? That's why they laugh -- the world laughs at us.
They all have elections. You know, France -- France had crooked elections because they had paper ballots years ago and they switched. And now, they have paper ballots. And at 9 o'clock in the evening, they called the winner, they called the loser. Everyone went home. Everybody was fine. They had voter ID.
They had paper ballots. They had one-day election. At 9 o'clock, it was over. They called the winner. They called the loser. Everyone went home. Now, they say we'll wait till the next time. We got to get smart as a country. This is just one thing. It's all corrupt. She's corrupt. She's a corrupt person. [Audience member calls out "Yes"]
I'm running against a totally corrupt person. And I'm really not running against her. I'm running against a corrupt machine called the Democrat Party. It's totally a corrupt party, guys like Adam Shifty Schiff. These are corrupt people. And to think he'll probably be a senator. Can you believe it? [Audience responds "No"] Watermelon head.
No, he's a watermelon head. He's got the smallest neck I've ever seen. I don't know how the hell he can hold up that enlarged watermelon head. What a -- what an ugly guy, both inside and out. But it's now or never. This is it. This is the moment. We've been waiting nine years for this and we got two days and we got all this crap going on with the press and with the fake stuff and fake polls.
And by the way, the polls are just as corrupt as some of the writers back there. They can make those polls sing. They can make them sing. They brag about it. I got a poll. I'm 10 points up in Iowa. One of my enemies just puts out a poll. I'm three down. Joni Ernst called me. Everyone has called me. They said, "You're killing in Iowa."
The farmers love me and I love them. But they came up -- [Audience member calls out "We love you so much."] they just announced a fake poll -- hey, think of it -- right before the election that I'm three points down. I'm not down in Iowa. I got $28 billion for the farmers [Audience member calls out "Yes"] 28 billion.
Nobody else would have gotten $0.10. Joe would sleep. He would -- do you think he thinks about the farmers? And you know who gave me the 28 billion for the farmers? China because China screwed our farmers. And then they tell me I'm down in Iowa. I don't think so. And you know what, a good poll, Emerson, no friend of mine, they said that poll is wrong.
Everybody said, "Why do they announce a poll that's highly skewed toward Democrats and liberals? Why do they do that?" When you read it [Audience member calls out "Cheaters"] they interviewed far more Democrats than they did Republicans. Why do they do that? Why do they do that? And I guess there's a law that they have to say that because they would have preferred not having to say that.
Our country is a crooked country, OK? It's a crooked country, and we're going to make it straight. We're going to make it straight, and it's not an easy thing to do. They'll want to put you in jail because you want to make it straight. Think of it. Think of it. They cheat on elections and you call them on it and they want to put you in jail.
Think about it. It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen, but I love it. You know why? Because we've proven something, we've shown something, and we're going to get it fixed, and we got to win this election. It's all up to now. I mean, we got two days. We've been working for nine years. We did a great job.
We had the best economy ever. We had the wall. We had everything. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] I built [Audience member calls out "We love you."] over 500 miles of wall. They don't even talk about the wall. But we had the best border, the safest border. I won't pull down my world's favorite chart because I don't want to waste a lot of your time.
But my world's favorite chart, done by the Border Patrol, it said we had the safest border in the history of our country the day that I left. I shouldn't have left, I mean, honestly, because we did so -- we did so well. We had such a great -- so now -- I mean, every -- every polling booth has hundreds of lawyers standing there.
It's all about the lawyers. Everybody is standing, lawyers. Nobody should have that. You should have a damn ballot and you hand it in. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Do you know that in Arizona, where I'm winning by a lot, but it takes four hours to fill out the ballot? They've got page after page, and people are complaining.
They don't have time. It takes four hours to fill it out. Why is that? Why is that? I can tell you why. But so many places. Pennsylvania. I love Pennsylvania. I went to school here. I think the people are incredible. But they found, as I understand it -- I mean, I don't know what's happened in the last day or so.
But they -- in Lancaster, they found 2,600 ballots all done by the same hand. [Audience member calls out "That's trash"] In other words [Audience boos] the same exact penmanship, the same hand, the same everything. It was all done by the same pen, the exact same pen. And then they go and they say, "Well, this is -- he's a conspiracy theorist."
[Audience member calls out "President Trump"] It's a terrible thing that's happened to our country, and the whole world watches it, even third-world countries. I was telling a friend who came in last night. He comes from a country. He works there a lot and comes from -- knows it. And it's not a great country, to be honest with you.
And he said, "But when we vote, they take our fingerprints and they check our fingerprints. We can't get away with anything." This is a third-world country. In our country -- think of it -- you are not allowed to even ask for somebody's voter ID. And if you do ask, I think they have the right to put you in jail.
Not the one that's cheating, the one that's asking. "I want -- I want honesty." "Oh, let's go to jail." It's a terrible thing. And I tell you what, I love being off these stupid teleprompters because the truth comes out. [Applause] [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] The truth comes out.
And at least you find out that it's nice to have a president that doesn't have to use teleprompters. You ever see her? And I'm being nasty to her because, you know what, she's really bad. She shouldn't have been chosen. She got no votes. It's -- this is supposed to be a democracy. You could call it a republic.
People say, "Oh, it's a republic." OK. Whatever you want to call it. It's supposed to be fair. And they ripped the election away from this poor stupid guy. They ripped it away like -- like candy from a baby. It's the way you do -- you ever take candy from a baby? "Hello, darling. Give me some of that candy. Just give it to me."
You take it. You rip it right out of the baby's hand. That's what happened here. It's a corrupt deal. And I think, at some point, it's got to be changed, got to be changed. Do you know that paper ballots -- and by the way, now, the machines are going to really hit me hard because, you know, they never heard anybody hit them like this.
But do you know that paper ballots -- paper is very sophisticated. It's called watermark. It's watermarked, highly sophisticated. This is -- it's more sophisticated than the machines they use, which can be hacked and things can happen. You know, a great gentleman is Elon Musk. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Right? And I said to Elon, "I assume you're very good with computers, right?" He said, "Well, I think I'm one of the best."
He said, "It wasn't the engines that landed that rocket the other day. It was the computers telling the engines what to do. I think I'm good. Yeah, I think I'm really good." Well, he looked at the machines, just looked at them, and he doesn't have to look like normal people. Normal people have to rip them apart and figure out what's going on.
That's normal. Experts, he goes like this, the machines are -- "Oh." He looks -- "Oh," meaning he knew immediately. You know, he does this stuff for a living. So, he looks. And he actually made the statement. He said, "Look, computers are great for sending rockets up and everything else, but there should never be machines used in voting."
Everything should be paper ballots put in boxes, voter ID. Also, identification -- identification for the country. In other words, little questions like are you a citizen of the United States? These are -- these are little questions. These aren't big questions. "Excuse me, ma'am. Are you a citizen of the United States?" "No, I'm not."
You're not allowed to ask. "Oh, what city do you live in?" "It's none of your business. I'm voting. Do you understand?" [Audience member calls out "That's crazy"] Now, if you show up in a suit and tie and they say, "We don't want this guy voting --" You got to see what they do. I mean, what they do is so sad.
But Elon is a total pro. And I saw his mother, the most elegant woman. I said, "Elon, she produced you." Well, she produced one hell of a smart guy, but I'm saying -- did you see his mother with a beautiful white hair? She looked like total royalty. And she said she went, I think, to New York, and she pulls out identification.
No, I don't need that, ma'am. "Oh, of course you, do. It's my --" She wanted to give it. They didn't want it. And she said, "Very interest --" She was interviewed just yesterday, a very smart woman, produced a lot of smart kids, too. Not just Elon, a lot of smart kids. And she was amazed. She left there.
They didn't want any information. They didn't want her ID. They didn't want identification. And she said, "You know, that's a strange thing. I've been in many countries and they always want your identification." So, look, we have a country with a massive headache, and it would go a lot longer than headache.
It would be a much stronger word than the word headache. And we have to solve this problem because we have a mess on our hands. We got a bunch of cheaters that all they do is think about how they can cheat. Think of this. You know, when I run this election, we have meetings with Susie and Chris and all professionals, respected people, a lot of people, and we talk about strategy like what do you think we're going to say or where do you -- where are we going to hold a rally and how much are things going to cost and what are we doing? You know, in other words, normal.
When they meet, they meet to find out how can they cheat. And when you think of it, they have to because who wants to have policies of open borders where anybody in the world can come in, where you can -- and -- and by the way, 90 percent of the Democrats, not the sleazebags like Schiff and Schumer and -- or Nancy, crazy Nancy Pelosi [Audience boos] [Audience member calls out "And she's trash"] Pocahontas, not -- not those people, but the people that vote, you know, the -- the real Democrats, they actually tell me all the time, "I don't know why the hell we can't have voter ID."
The real Democrats want to have things like voter ID. They know it's crooked. There's only one reason you don't want voter ID. There's only one reason, and that's to cheat. There is no other reason. There's no other reason. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] And they do cheat. [Audience member calls out "Do we have any chance to win, Mr. President?"]
Isn't this better than my speech? [Audience responds affirmatively] Isn't this? No, because, honestly, somebody's got to talk about it. They say, "Sir, I'd rather have you not talk about it. I -- we have a certain network. Oh, if you even mention the fact that there's cheating in an election, they turn you off."
I mean, this is supposed to be one of our brave -- very brave networks. I won't mention which, but you can imagine. You know, it's one thing when CNN and MSNBC -- crooked as hell. Look at CBS. Look what CBS did. They took this person who's a low-IQ person, they took her, they interviewed her. And the main question they asked her, she gave an answer that was absolutely insane.
It was a pile of words taken, mixed up, and thrown onto a board. It was the -- it was the craziest freaking answer I've ever seen. And CBS, who's licensed for free -- they don't pay anything -- by the federal government. Why -- why aren't these licenses bid out? Why aren't -- they're worth billions of dollars.
All they're supposed to do is be honest. So, CBS, now, their main news show is "60 Minutes." "60 Minutes" took her answer, realized it was a disaster. And you know they wouldn't do it for me. No. They would love me to give that guy [Audience member calls out "You would never mess up anyway."] And -- you're right.
So [Audience member calls out "I love you."] she said, "You would never mess up anyway." You're right. I mean, you know, somebody asked, hey, I sat -- I sat for a three-hour [Audience member calls out "I love you."] interview with Joe Rogan, and it was great, and you have to be smart. I -- I sat -- two days ago, I sat with Tucker Carlson and we had an interview, an hour and a half.
It was at 11:30 in the evening after I did four rallies, and it was fine. You know, I mean, they ask you a question -- you know, it's very simple. They ask you a question and you give them an answer if you're intelligent. But she's not an intelligent person. She was not a good student. She was a horrible student.
She didn't -- she didn't pass her bar exam. [Audience member calls out "No, she didn't."] I mean, I know a lot of people, they didn't pass it, but, you know, that's OK. But she didn't pass it, but she was a horrible student. She's not a smart person. We're dealing against the roughest, toughest, smartest.
Oh, the press goes crazy. If I say vice President Xi of China is a brilliant man, they go crazy. "He called him brilliant." Well, he runs a 1.4 billion people with an iron fist. Yeah, I'd say he's brilliant. That doesn't mean he's a good person. I happen to think -- I mean, what happened -- what he did with COVID was -- I called that along.
I said it came from the Wuhan lab, and people have a lot of different theories on it. I happen to think it was gross incompetence. [Audience member calls out "China virus"] The -- the doctor came out of the lab. He had lunch with his girlfriend. She caught it. He caught it. They caught it. They -- everybody started dying all over the place.
And they suffered plenty. But these people are very smart and they're at the top of their game -- top of their game. We have a man that -- he can't find the stairs off a platform, right? No, he's guiding us. And, you know, we have a problem. We don't have a global warming problem. They don't use that term anymore anyway because, as you can see, the planet, it's getting -- it's very cool out here today, isn't it? Oh, they go crazy when I say it.
But it's not global warming because, at certain points, it starts to cool a little bit, like now, but like this period. And they're getting killed with global -- so they changed it. You know what the term is? Climate change. This way, if it gets warmer, it's fine. If it gets cooler, if it rains, if it's -- snow comes down in the middle of the summer, it's climate change, you know.
I mean, we have a girl, not a smart girl either. She's not smart. She's got good shtick. But she's not smart. AOC plus three. [Audience boos] Do you remember how this whole hoax started? She came down and she started screaming at senators that have been there for 30 years, Democrats, and they were totally afraid of her.
They're less afraid of her now, but half of them are Gonzo. And we've spent trillions and trillions of dollars on things that -- you know, putting windmills all over these magnificent plains and fields and valleys and oceans. [Audience boos] And then they had one whale and I think 50 years come up. And then last year, they had like 18 of them wash ashore, die.
And it's all a big hoax, so many things. So, this is just like we're talking about a history lesson. It's just, to me, it's more interesting than the speech that you've heard approximately 900 times because I've been saying the same thing. You know, with the speech, I mean, I have beautiful -- oh, it's so beautiful, but it's true, but it's basically the same thing.
We have bad borders, and they don't do anything about them. But they're not only bad, they're open. And they do no vetting. This moron does no vetting. And she's the border czar, the border czar. But then she said, "I'm not the border czar. Don't ever call me the border czar." [Audience member calls out "She's a liar."]
Yeah, well, she is a liar. You're right about that [Audience member calls out "Thank you"] but -- but for different reasons. So, don't call her the border czar, but she was appointed to head the border. Now, the Border Patrol, last week, gave me the strongest endorsement anybody has ever given me, I think. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
They actually called me the greatest president in the history of our country. I said, "Does that include -- does that include Abraham Lincoln? Does that include Abraham Lincoln and George Washington?" And they said, "Actually, it does." So -- anyway. So -- so they like me. But they said the best border president.
They said -- Tom Homan, one of the top guys. He said, "He's the greatest president we've had." We had the best border that we've had in recorded history. I mean, it was good. And I took over a mess because I took over the mess that Barack Hussein Obama and this -- [Audience boos] who's -- who's a big divider [Audience member calls out "He's terrible"] who's a major divider, and he's a major troublemaker, OK? And, you know, I've always treated his wife with respect.
Just -- it's just one of those things. But I've always treated his wife with great respect. But she came at me the other day. That's not nice of her to do, and I think we're going to start having a little fun with Michelle. I think we're going to have a little fun with Michelle. But I always treated her with a lot of respect, and we just have to know.
Look, so we have a very divided country. And you really have. Look, anybody that wants to have open borders for 13,099 murderers to come in over the last three years, for 16,000 of the worst drug lords [Audience member calls out "Wow"] and drug sellers to come into our country -- and you know what they do? They tell them, "If you ever come back, we'll kill you."
So, they don't want to leave. We're going to get them out because they're -- and they're going back because, you know. See, our country is stupid enough -- our country is stupid enough that we give them massive amounts of -- they call it aid, but we give them massive amounts of aid. You know where the aid goes? Into the dictator's pocket for the most part.
But we give them massive amounts of aid. So, I told them, I said, "If you don't stop behaving, I'm going to end up taking away all that aid. You're never going to see any aid." And they were so good after that. They were so good. But for the sake of your family and your country and for the sake of your freedom, you've got to get out and vote.
You got to get these lunatics out of there. You got to get them out. With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala. I don't even use her last name. Nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about when I say Harris. "How is Harris doing?" "Who the hell is Harris, everybody?" Even people that are, you know -- look at all the people we have here.
Look at over there. They're all over the place. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] You know, it's a little strange. I'm -- I'm a pretty smart guy. I have genetic -- do you believe in genetics? I do, you know. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Fast racehorses produce fast racehorses whether you like it or not.
And -- but I'm -- I'm a very -- I -- I believe in it. And, like, I'm smart. [Audience member calls out "Brilliant"] I -- I tell the story -- thank you very much. I appreciate it. He said brilliant. I'm probably brilliant. But no, no. And we do the weave, right? This is a weave today. This is -- they'll say -- and this is a very important lesson because I'm trying to tell you what's happening with our country.
It's going bad, and it can never get fixed because we're never going to get the right people in because of what they do with the elections. We're going to get a bunch of crooks and horrible people, and not dumb -- not dumb people, by the way. You know, she's a dumb person, but the party -- but she's not -- she's not going to run.
She's a vessel. She's a vessel and -- she's just a vessel. They didn't want him, and then they found out he's perfect. He's perfect because he didn't know what the hell he was doing. They got away. But this is a group of people, large group of people, larger than people think, but it's a very demonic party.
It's become -- it's become that way. The people aren't. The people, the Democrats, regular Democrats aren't. Most of them agree with what I'm saying. But it's very -- but we do need -- we do need people to say it and we have to have it. And if it's not said -- and then they're going to fight over it, and they're going to call you a horrible person and -- and all of the things that they call you, conspiracy theorist.
He's a conspiracy theorist. They don't tell you that they cheated. Think of it, they spied on my campaign, and they refused to even acknowledge it to this day. But people acknowledge it. But look at all of the things, the Mueller report. They said Russia, Russia. Trump is involved with Russia. I don't know a damn thing about Russia.
Or Trump is involved with Russia. It was made up. You know what that was? That was an excuse for why crooked Hillary Clinton -- and she is crooked as hell. [Audience member calls out "Yup"] [Audience member calls out "That's right"] And now that Joe Biden is -- has been taken out by his party of politics, I can start using the word crooked back to Hillary.
I can put it back. You know, I took it off a couple of years ago because I figured she was finished, but I actually -- I see her talking so much. She's got major Trump derangement syndrome. They were going to operate to see if they could fix it, but it was so severe that the doctor said it would be a waste of a surgeon's time.
No, but you'd like to have smart -- and, you know, somebody said, "Is it true that your uncle is Dr. John Trump of MIT?" I said "Yes, it is." Do you know my uncle was the longest-serving professor in the history of MIT, like I think 41 years or something, 39, 41? And there's something nice about that.
And I'm just looking here and I'm watching, and this has nothing to do with corruption, but it has to do with a little bit of intelligence. And I have a piece of glass over here and I don't have a piece of glass there and I have this piece of glass here. But all we have really over here is the fake news, right? [Audience member calls out "We love you, President Trump."]
And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news, and I don't mind that so much because -- I don't mind. I don't mind that. So, I have a piece of glass here, and the problem with that glass is it's -- I don't look great on television when you have a four-inch piece of glass that a howitzer can't go through.
No, when you see yourself in television, you say, boy, you're -- you're really not very recognizable, to be honest with you, which is good. But here's the problem. So, I have glass here. I have glass here. Now, I'm not worried about this. Look, what do I have? A couple of people, and their friends, generally.
There are a couple of people I don't like in that group, but that's OK. No. But look at it. Look at it. I have nobody here. What do I need this piece? But where I think I do need a piece is here. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] And I think -- no, I'm a very smart person. You know, they refuse to -- you know, now, they are saying [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."]
that was the most brilliant speech. They're saying it's a weave. You go, and then you're here. [Audience member calls out "We got you in November."] And then what happens is while you're here, there's a point having to do with that point, and you go wing, wing. Then you come here. Then you do another weave.
And it's very complex. But then it gets very simple because it all comes brilliantly and beautifully together. And they actually acknowledge this as total genius there. They don't -- not all of them do. Most of them are failed writers. They're not even good writers, OK? They're bad writers. So, they don't understand the weave.
They'll never be able to do it. But here's what I'm looking at. I'm looking at cameras. The problem is when you watch me tonight, you'll say, "The president doesn't look that good." Well, how the hell do you look good? Look at the size of this sucker. [Audience member calls out "You look great, Trump"] [Audience chants "Trump"] It's so nice to see you. [Audience member calls out "You look great"]
Nice to see you. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. So, just to finish up on the glass because I don't want to waste a lot of time on this, but it does seem sort of ridiculous, doesn't it? I don't need a piece here, fellas. I need a piece here. I need a piece -- I'm not worried about these people, maybe David.
I'm worried about that. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] I don't need a piece here. You know where I need a piece? Right there. Look, I got farmhouses. I got all sorts of -- I got -- see the guy up in the window back there? Has anybody inspected that? No, it's the whole thing. [Audience member calls out "President Trump, I love you."]
It's OK. It's OK. [Audience member calls out "We got you."] But it would be nice to have -- you know, I'm trying to make a point and I'm trying to sell something. I'm telling the people that our leadership is grossly incompetent, that we're being ripped off by every country in the world, including our so-called friends.
Our friends are far worse, in many ways, in terms of trade. The European nation is -- the European nations are just ripping us to shreds. Everyone says, "Oh, it's so nice, the European nations." They're not. They're very tough. They're very, very tough, you know, with trade. They don't take our cars.
They don't take our farm products. They don't take anything, but they give us their Mercedes, they say BMWs, their Volkswagen, millions and millions. I said to Angela Merkel two years, three years ago, I said, "Angela, how many Chevrolets do we have in Berlin?" "Why? I don't believe we have any." I said, "You're right about that, Angela. You think that's fair?"
So, you know, they're ripping us off. The whole world is ripping us off, and we stopped it. And we stopped it and we took a lot of heat. I lost a little chunk of ear over it, OK? And they weren't happy with that. That wasn't good enough. That was not good. But -- but I'll tell you what, we got to be fair.
You know, Europe is -- we have a $300 billion deficit with Europe. Why -- why do we have a deficit like that? And we were fixing it all. It was beautiful. Then we had a very unfortunate thing happened. I got more votes than any president -- any sitting president in the history of our country, right? I got more votes, almost 75 million votes.
That's the votes that they talk about. That's not the votes. Nobody knows. Actually, nobody has any idea. You got these machines. "You know, it's broken. We think we might have paper ballot backup. Oh, we don't have the backup. Oh, wow." They have no idea how many -- they have no idea how many votes.
But according to their stats, I got like 10 million or 12 million more votes than I got the first time. Barack Hussein Obama -- a terrible president, by the way, a terrible president. [Audience member calls out "Yeah, he didn't work."] Terrible. The worst on trade. Every -- you know, he'd go in -- he'd go in and the Germans loved him.
You know why? Because they ate our lunch. I mean, it was the craziest thing. The Germans would love him. They -- they didn't love me and I have heritage there, to put it mildly. They didn't love me because I said, "You got to pay. You got to pay." I said to Angela, "Angela, you haven't paid, Angela." "No, no Donald. We think we will start by 2035,"
she told me. "Oh, thank you, Angela. I really appreciate it." 2035. This was four years ago. Oh, she's going to pay by 2035, think of it. And she just -- they think we're stupid people. So, we got to get our country straightened out or we're not going to have a country. All right? That's all. And you have a chance in two days. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
And if you don't vote, you're stupid. You're stupid. Four years of Kamala Harris have delivered nothing but economic hell for American workers. Her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000. Think of it, 30,000. You know why? Because of inflation, the higher prices.
You can't afford it: bacon, sausages, eggs, apples. You know, when people talk to me -- and I talk to as many people as I can because they know more than our genius experts who are bullshit, OK? You go to the little lady that's buying three apples, goes to the counter and then realizes that price has gone up by 40 percent and she can only afford two apples, and she walks an apple back, and she walks out with two apples.
She understands very well. And that should never happen in our country. That happens a lot. They go in and they buy -- they buy two bananas, and this should never be happening in our country. And it's happening because we have both corrupt and stupid leaders. You have combinations of stupidity. And sometimes, it over -- it overflows.
But you have some very stupid people in this country, and you also have some very, very corrupt people that benefit by this. They benefit by -- they benefit by letting China rip us off. You know, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs from China, and I'm the only one that ever did it.
They've been ripping us off for years. We rebuilt their military. We rebuilt their military. I mean, they had a -- we're losing -- well, we were. Now, we're losing numbers that nobody even believes. But we lose to China $500 billion a year. When I came in, it was $509 billion. That was the deficit with China.
We were losing numbers that were not even -- now, it's over $1 trillion we give them. And then you wonder, gee, they're building a lot of ships, a lot of planes. The most beautiful plane that I've ever seen is the F-22, but we don't make it anymore because it's too expensive. And you know what, you know who makes it? I saw it.
I said, "Of course, you make it." I saw one the other day. "Sir, that was made by China." They copied the sucker. I mean, we don't make it. We don't make it. We got to get smart. We got to get smart. Just this week, we had the worst jobs report in modern history. This was done by sleepy/crooked Joe Biden and Kamala.
You know, who knows with her. Nobody even knows. You know, I -- we like to say, oh, she was -- I don't know if she was. She probably wasn't too involved in it because she wasn't involved in anything. She's lazy as hell. But, you know, they all say, "Sir, make sure that you only say Kamala." Well, you know, it's probably him more, but she was there.
If she was any good, she would have said, "Joe, you got a mental problem. You don't have any more -- let me handle things, Joe. Let me handle things. You're out of it, Joe." She didn't say. She said just the opposite. "I've never seen any -- there was never an indication that he's mentally shot. I've never seen anything."
She's lying. You saw that with the debate. Even I -- you know, I had a thing. I wasn't going to look at him. And I finally had to go like what? I had to look. I just had to. I couldn't hold it. I looked, I said, "What the hell is going on over there?" But he had a bad debate. But, you know, that's OK.
They just -- you can't take it away. You have to go through a process. You can't just say, "You're out of here, Joe. You're out." That's what they did. After the debate, they went in and they just took it away. You can't do that. But we have -- and these numbers that I'm going to tell you are the worst.
This is like a depression. And they're devastated. They don't want to talk about it because, you know, they've had a couple of things happen that are incredible. One of the things is that these numbers were announced yesterday and they thought they were going to be able to hold them till after the election because these numbers would not allow anybody to vote for a woman of not high intelligence, to put it mildly.
I'm being extremely nice when I say it that way. These numbers are depression-style numbers. I mean, not recession. These aren't recessionary numbers. And I know a lot about this stuff. I was a wonderful, wonderful student at the Wharton School of Finance. I did great. It's a good -- made a lot of money, a lot.
I made so much money, it's crazy. And I made a lot of money, and I -- I understand money, and I don't say that it's -- you know, it's been something that works for me. And other people have other abilities, but I -- you know, I know this stuff. It's sort of easy for me. And our country is in financial trouble.
We could have a depression. And this was just announced, and they're devastated. I know a lot of people in the White House. They're devastated that these numbers came out. They did another thing that sort of related. Two and a half months ago, they said they had 818,000 -- that's a lot, 800 -- almost a million, 818,000 new jobs.
And you know what? You know what? It was a fraud. They had no new jobs. And then, just last month, they said they had 112,000 new jobs, and that was corrected and revised. But they thought that all of this would be revised right after the election. They were having a hard time holding it in because people know.
You have -- you have a lot of good people in our country, and they -- they know what's going on and they're working in statistics departments and different departments. They see what's going on. You know, you can't really hide it if you have honest people. And we had people that came out and said -- a whistleblower -- I assume it was -- and he came out and said that the -- almost a million jobs that they added fraudulently into our employment numbers were fake.
They're fake. And the press barely reported it because they're fake. They're worse than -- they're worse than the -- [Audience boos] honestly, they're worse than the politicians. They're worse than the politicians, and they're being caught. That's why their approval ratings are so low. They're being caught.
I -- it was a great -- I think it was a great thing I did for the country because I don't think people -- before I came along, nobody talked this way. [Audience member calls out "You're fired"] But they're fake. And we need a fair press. And we don't need a ruthless press. We need a fair press. And sometimes, that will be ruthless.
But they didn't report this or barely reported it. So, they fraudulently put in fake job numbers, and the information was supposed to come out after the election, in other words, any time after three days from now, because then it wouldn't have mattered too much to them. And a whistleblower blew it up and -- and released the information.
And I want to just tell you that what they've done -- so you add the 112,000. So, you're talking about almost a million jobs were faked. Now, here's the difference. If they had those million jobs, they would have -- you would have said, "They did a nice job." Not great, by the way, because you're starting from a depression base, you're starting from where these numbers are, where the real numbers are that just got released yesterday.
Also, they wanted to hold these numbers till after because these numbers are worse than the 818,000 fraudulent job numbers, with only 12,000 jobs were created. That's a depression. Listen to this, 30,000 private sector jobs were killed in a single month and nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs were wiped out since the beginning of the year, 100,000.
Those are our -- those are sort of our prime jobs, I think. You know we got a lot of prime jobs. But manufacturing, that's where you make money for the country. You make product, you sell the product to other countries. We lost a lot. We've been losing so much. But these are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading.
And I always said, "I don't want to be Herbert Hoover." You know, people tell me, "What would you like --" I said, "The one thing I don't want to be, I don't want to be Herbert Hoover." Because he was the president when the depression came, and that was not good. That was not a good thing. And that's one -- the only thing -- the only reason I'm happy that this has been found out now is that, now, I can fix it.
I didn't cause it. Because they blame you for everything. Think of it. And, you know, most of the new jobs that were created -- you know about this, right -- they went to migrants. Do you know that? David knows that. And I hope he's going to be your new senator, by the way. He's a good man. Because don't forget, your senator knew all this stuff that I'm saying.
He knew it, and he sat with it. He didn't say it. He didn't reveal it. He would have revealed it. He wouldn't have let me get away with it. He wouldn't have let me get away with it because it's so -- it's so terrible for our country. But this senator that you have, he's been -- he's been there a long time.
And, you know, it's funny, when somebody is there -- I told that to David -- they're hard to beat. These guys have been there forever. They're survivors. That's what they're good at. They survive. They're not good senators, but they survived. They're genius at survival. They can be bad senators and they're there for 25 years.
His father was there for 25 years or something. They're not easy to beat, but you got a man here who's a great guy, and he should be -- he's a -- he's a hero in many ways. Thank you. Thank you. So, we got to win. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] I don't think there's much of a choice. I -- I really don't believe we have a country.
Those numbers -- and I cut down on a lot of them. But think of that, almost 100 percent of the jobs that were created went to illegal aliens [Audience boos] or the new term is illegal migrants. There's no nice term. Some people say, "Don't use illegal aliens." "Oh, what should I use? "Migrant." "Oh, OK.
They're illegal migrants." I think -- personally, I think the word alien is nicer, you know. But what do I know about things like this? But when you think about it -- and -- and let me just tell you one further fact, and then we're going to finish up. And I'll -- I'll only do this speech once. I'm not going to do this speech again because there's no reason to. I have three or four rallies today. I have -- [Audience member calls out "
Yeah"] I have -- I have four tomorrow. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] I think I've done -- look, we had the greatest rallies in history. There's never been rallies like this. Look at the people, as far -- look at it. We love you just as much as these people. I love you more than these people, OK? No, look, it goes back as far as the eye can see. It's never been that. I actually joke. I tell my people -- I have very good people, and I tell them, "
In four years, you'll be representing a hot candidate and he's going to come to this beautiful part of the commonwealth and he's going to have an audience of 250 people." Right? Remember Biden? He couldn't -- he couldn't -- you know he had the circles because of COVID. I don't know. That's crazy. The only thing good was I really thought the guy who did those circles was very talented because I'm a -- I'm a very good builder and he did perfect circles.
In fact, I wanted his name in case I wanted to do something. It's a very good painter. But he had eight circles, he couldn't fill them. He had to use fake news to fill them. They were sitting there. He would have a rally and nobody would show up. And I'd have a rally like in Arizona and 48,000 people showed up.
He comes in the next day, he literally couldn't fill the circles. And yet, he had more votes than me? He had more votes. [Audience boos] And -- and he's a -- he's a brilliant guy. You know, he worked out of his basement. He never went out. He never talked to anybody. He never talked to anybody. No, this is -- this is an unbelievably -- and look what happens.
Ukraine would have never happened if I were president. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] Putin wouldn't have played -- Putin didn't play around with me. Let me tell you right now. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] And I'm the one that brought up Nord Stream. So, the largest pipeline in the entire world was being built by Russia, and I found out about it.
Nobody ever heard. Even the politicians didn't know it. It's called Nord Stream 2. And I said to them -- having to do with NATO, where we got ripped off until I came along. You know what they spent? Hundreds of billions of dollars after I left. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars. But they're building Nord Stream, the largest pipeline in the world, from Russia to Germany and then branching out all over Europe.
And I said, "You mean, so, Angela, so what we're doing is -- let me get this straight. We're protecting Germany and all of Europe from Russia. We're taking a deficit." We're paying almost 100 percent of NATO, by the way. We stopped that quickly. "But we're paying all this money to protect you, and yet you're paying the person and the group that we're protecting you from $2 billion, $3 billion, and $4 billion a month, right? This isn't working, Angela, not for me. It's not."
And we had a big meeting, all the leaders of NATO. [Audience member calls out "You were right."] And they said to me, "Sir --" Because they used to say -- you know who my biggest fan is? Stoltenberg, the secretary general of NATO. He just left. He was a good man. He was there for a long time. He said, "Trump was unbelievable.
When Obama would come in, he'd come in, he'd make a speech, and he'd leave. Bush came in, he made a speech, and he'd leave. All the other ones, they'd come in, they'd send their people, they'd make a speech, and they'd leave. Trump came in. He said, 'Whoa, I don't want to make a speech. I want to look at the books.
'" I looked at the books, and I realized that we were paying 100 percent or close to 100 percent of NATO. And I said it's no good. It's no good. And then they had a big meeting because of that. And at the meeting, they had 28 -- we had 28 countries, including us at the time. And the meeting was amazing. And the head of a major country stood up, "
Sir, does this mean that if we don't pay up, you will not protect us from Russia in case they get aggressive?" I said, "Does that mean that you're delinquent? You mean you haven't paid? In other words, you're delinquent, right?" "I never heard that term, sir." "That's an old real estate term, you're delinquent." He said, "
Yes, we're delinquent." I said, "If you're a delinquent, if you haven't paid, I would not protect you under any circumstances from Russia." [Audience member calls out "That's right"] And the next day -- you know, only a few countries were paid up. Most of them were delinquent. The next day, billions and billions of dollars came flowing in. They came flowing in. They don't write about it too much. But Stoltenberg said, "
Trump did something I never believed," because he was there for a long time. He said, "For years and years, decades, nobody would pay because the United States would always be there to pick up the tab," because we're run by stupid people. [Audience member calls out "That's right"] And so, that was it. But we'll make America wealthy again [Audience member calls out "
Yeah"] and we'll make America affordable again. And we're two days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, the brightest economic future despite where we start from. It's so depressing when you look at what's going on. If my opponent knew how to fix the economy, she would have done it. And I say all the time -- during the debate with her, I had a debate, I debated three people.
It was three on one. I debated Pretty Boy, who's not actually as good-looking as he looks on television. In person, he's really not that great looking. But I debated him and some woman that they say -- oh, I have no idea who the hell she is. All I know is they interrupted me every time I -- I said, "Crime is at an all-time high."
David Muir goes, "It is not." See what they're doing? See that horn over there? They put that horn up. Do you hear that? It's right in the field where you might have a sniper. See, that's -- and I have no glass here. Yeah, I have no glass. I have glass here. There's nothing over there. [Audience member calls out "We got your back, Trump."]
They are my glass. See, those people are my glass. I'm hearing that horn. That could be -- any minute now. They're getting ready. [Audience member calls out "We got you, Trump."] [Audience member calls out "We got you, Trump. Yeah."] What the hell do I know? I must be wrong. I must be wrong. Probably, it was -- it was probably Biden or the other one that said, "Screw him. Don't give him the glass."
Oh, you don't think -- let me tell you -- I'll tell you what, Secret Service guys were very brave when I got shot. They were -- they stood right in the line of fire. And I don't want to speak out of school, but I can say, from the time I got elected, these guys were fighting for more help, for more people like you have up there, great people.
But they were fighting for more assets. They call them assets. I think it's an extremely nasty term, but that's what they were fighting for. They need more assets because we have big rallies. You know, we have 50,000. Interestingly, during the debate, she said, "Oh, oh, and your debates don't really draw and everybody leaves early."
So, then I go -- I go -- because when somebody says something, I think you have to refute it, right? I said, "No, my debates never have an empty seat and nobody ever leaves early. Nobody has ever left early." These guys will tell you. Nobody. And I walked off, and I said, "I killed her in this debate."
There were a hundred things, but I was debating three people. I wasn't debating one. Eleven times or so, they said, "No, that's not right. That's not right." You know, they're not -- they weren't supposed to do that, too, by the way, ABC. It's ABC fake news. CBS, ABC, NBC, these are -- [Audience boos] these are, in my opinion -- in my opinion, these are seriously corrupt people.
But here's the story. So, I refuted. It took only about 30 seconds. I said, "No, no. My rallies are the biggest and nobody ever leaves. And not only are they the biggest, they're hundreds of times bigger than anybody else." The other night in Milwaukee, that arena was here, the wall. Mr. Wall, would you please stand up.
This guy. He was there. Do you know, this guy is very successful guy, and I think he's been to like 300 of these things, but he's great. He's a smart guy. He has made a lot of money. I don't know. He likes this better than going to see a rock concert, right? Because we do have -- we do have some fun, considering we're talking about a very tough subject.
It's a bad subject. It's an embarrassing subject. It's embarrassing that this could happen to our country. But in Milwaukee, they have a beautiful arena. It's holds like -- you know, essentially, I think it's probably a little bit larger than Madison Square Garden, but that size, and we were packed to the rafters.
We could have sold it out three times. I wish I had the picture. I'll send you the picture, everybody that wants. And it was amazing. But there is a great spirit that this whole MAGA movement has. When Biden got up and he had that horrible scene behind him, the pink and purple, it looked like the devil, and he liked that.
You know, made him look like a tough guy, you know. "How do you make me look like a tough guy?" And he started talking about, "We will stop MAGA. We will stop. We won't let MAGA go forward." I couldn't understand. Then he couldn't find his way off the stage, as usual. And I wrote him a little note. Joe, MAGA means Make America Great Again.
That's what it is. So, I'm sort of finished with this whole thing, but -- so -- so the fake news, some of these lamebrains -- I see them. I can tell you, everyone up there, who's -- there's -- a couple of them are good. But everyone up there, I can tell you, they're really dishonest people. I mean, really dishonest.
And, you know, they call me, and when I pick up the phone by mistake, which is usually the only way they got me, but they sound so nice. It sounds like really great stuff. But let me just tell you, they'll say -- some of them -- that -- that speech was rambling. That's the word they love to use, rambling.
Others will say it was totally brilliant. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And it was brilliant. But it's also -- it's -- there was no rambling there, whatsoever, by the way, none. [Audience member calls out "And you don't lie."] But you have to understand that this is something that the American public had to hear.
You have to hear this. [Audience member calls out "Got it"] You have to go to free, strong, clear, beautiful elections. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] You have to have a very powerful, very strong border. You cannot let the world's criminals enter our country by the tens of thousands, by the hundreds of thousands.
We cannot accept all of the mental patients all over the world, you know, some of those mental institutions in other parts of the world, not just South America, all over the world. A lot of people are coming from the Congo. Prisons in the Congo, they're emptying out. You know what they save by doing that? Do you have any idea what they save? They're all in our country.
And the ones that aren't will be. And crime is down all over the world where they've done this. They've taken their criminals in Caracas, in Venezuela, all their street crime criminals, the ones that knocked the crap out of people, the ones that robbed the purses and robbed the stores, and they moved them here.
And the fake news doesn't want to cover the story. Take a look at what's happening in Aurora, in Colorado. Take a look at how -- how horrible -- they actually took control of apartment complexes. They're in the real estate business like me. And it's happening in many -- it's hundreds of towns and cities.
It's something that is just a disgrace. But we're pleased to be joined -- because it's an important part of it. We have to have good people. And if David would like to come up for a second, David McCormick. He's a tremendous person, and he should -- he should -- you really should vote for him because the other guy is a total waste of time.
Thank you. [Audience member calls out "David McCormick"] Hi, David.
Thank you, David. You got to vote for him. Look at this, standing ovation. [Applause] Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. This could -- this could be the big day then. We finally broke loose. Good. [Audience chants "USA"] Wow. Look at that, David. [Audience chants "USA"] Great job. Hi, Dina. And his incredible wife who was with me in the Oval Office and she's as smart as they come.
She's a great one. Great person, too. Thank you, Dina. Very nice to have you. And what he said is interesting because Bob Casey -- a friend of mine called, a very smart guy, big guy, high intellect, as opposed to a lot of the people we have to deal with. He said, "I didn't know that you and Bob Casey are such good friends and so close."
He was -- he meant it. I said, "I don't know the guy. He had nothing to do with me." He'd -- he's like a stiff. He doesn't do anything. He just -- he's there. He survives. That's all. He's a genius at survival. On survival, I give him a 10. On everything, else we don't give him. But I said, "Why the hell do you say I'm friendly?" "Because there's commercials and it shows you standing with him, and 'I have followed the president on the wall, on the border.' It sounded like maybe he was actually going to be a Republican. Was he a Republican?"
No, he's a Democrat. Here's a guy who's a radical left guy. And I have the same thing in Ohio. I have about five of them. It's actually a compliment, I guess, you know. But they're all taking out ads. Tester is getting killed. I hope. I don't know. You know, I think he's getting killed, and he's fighting for his life, a young smart guy, but they're trying to destroy that guy.
If you look now, what they're doing to Tim is brutal. They're trying to destroy him on, you know, fake information and stuff. But every one of these senators. In Ohio, Sherrod Brown, he's running against Bernie Moreno. Moreno is really good, and he should win. And I'm winning Ohio by a lot. And -- and some of these states, I win by a lot.
This state, I do really -- I think I should do really well. I won it the first time. The second time, I had like a -- I think -- you know, look, it's a long time. I have great memory. I'll give you about as close as I can get. With 73 percent of the vote in, I think I was up by close to 900,000 votes.
In other words, it was over. And then they said, "There's been a minor adjustment." [Audience member calls out "Minor"] And around 3:02 in the morning, they found like -- [Audience member calls out "Boo"] like hundreds of thousands of ballots. So, I went from 73 percent -- I kept saying, "Why aren't they calling, one of my favorite places, Pennsylvania? Why aren't they doing it? I'm 73 percent and I'm hundreds of thousands of votes up."
I think I could have lost every single vote and won. Anyway -- and all of a sudden, they had to readjust. There was a readjustment. Oh, and that happened in other places, too. You know, the reason I picked Whatley from North Carolina, because I was leading there, and it went through, and they tried like hell to cheat.
But other places weren't as good as him. And I said, "We don't need votes. We need somebody that can watch the votes and -- and watch the steal." And he's doing a great job. But, you know, I mean, there are so many things happening in Pennsylvania. We're in court all the time. Two thousand six hundred votes, and I don't think there should be a problem.
It was done by the same guy, and that guy should go to jail for a long period of time. [Audience responds affirmatively] Now, maybe -- now, maybe he's not guilty. But you'd have to do a lot of talking, I think. And then we have other things in other counties. I know them all well. And so, we'll see how it all comes out.
But, you know, they're having a lot of court cases going on, and judges aren't particularly friendly. It's amazing, actually. You know, you go in with things. How about the one in Virginia? We have a really good governor that has become friends of mine. We had a great rally yesterday. How about -- how about Virginia? How about Virginia, where they had all these votes and all the things that happened? And it turned out that these people admitted that they're not qualified.
They admitted it. They said -- thousands of votes, thousands -- "We are not qualified. We are not citizens of the country." I think they admitted it, right? And the governor, Glenn Youngkin, good guy, very good guy, smart guy, he went in. They found it, you know. They didn't find it by accident. They found all these votes, and they went to the court, and the judge ruled against us.
I wonder who appointed that judge. Gee, I -- some people don't like me saying that. I wonder who appointed the judge. But the judge found that it -- I think they said they didn't find them in time or something, you know, some crazy thing. They didn't find them in time. So, therefore, he can vote, even though he has no idea what the name of our country is, right? And it went to another court, and it was a failed thing, too.
And then the Supreme Court ruled in favor. They said, "You have to be a citizen of our country." Think of that. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] But we caught them. We caught them. And they did a great job in Virginia, and we'll see what happens. Maybe we'll win. You know, it's not, in theory, a swing state.
But I'll tell you, we had -- we had a crowd, you couldn't see the end of it. So, I want to also introduce, if I might, a man who's really brave. He went through hell. He got shot, also. By the way, he got -- he got really shot. But he's come back and he's a friend of mine for a long time. House Majority Leader Steve Scalise.
Steve, thank you very much. Thank you very much, Steve. And what a good man he is. He -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Steve. My man."] he took some bad -- I went to the hospital to see him the night he got shot. The doctor told me he had a 15 percent chance. He had almost no chance, and he lived.
I actually think he's better looking today than he was before. It's true. I told him. I said, "You know, you're a better-looking guy today than you were." But he -- he's a great guy. He took a big hit, man. The doctor said, "He lost more blood than anybody that I've ever operated on or tried to save."
And he said, "I've been doing this for 25 years." And he lived. He lived because he's a strong person. Former Democrat presidential candidate, somebody who's very popular. Tulsi Gabbard. Tulsi, thank you. Thank you, darling. Great. Great to -- and she just turned Republican. She just turned Republican.
Governor Sarah Sanders, my friend. Thank you, Sarah. Arkansas, she's doing a great job, doing a great job. A woman I have a lot of respect for. I've watched her for years. I mean, she happens to be beautiful, but I didn't watch her for that reason. I watched her because she was really a top racing NASCAR legend and did a fantastic job.
Danica Patrick. She's fantastic. Thank you, darling. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] I've been in those cars, and I don't want to do it again. I had one of your friends drive me around that track. I said, "Get -- get me the hell out of this car." I don't know how you do it, but you -- you had a great career.
Thank you very much, Danica. I appreciate it. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Sage Steele, who hosted something for us the other night, and we had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun the other night, right? Thank you, Sage. Appreciated it. We have some incredible patriots, some really brave people, actually.
One has gone through hell for absolutely no reason. They came down on him. And they came down because he was honest and he was a patriot and a tough guy, though. He could handle it very easily. Scott Perry. Scott. Right? And another -- these are great -- you have -- you know, I go to some of the states, and I'm not even in love with some of the Congress people, but these guys are all good.
Dan Meuser is fantastic. Dan is a fantastic -- he said, " A hundred percent, you're going to win the great commonwealth of Pennsylvania." You better be right. I think he's right. There's a lot of spirit here, you know. [Audience member calls out "We love you, Dan."] And we even have the polls up, but I think it's much more than the polls.
No, the polls, I'm telling you, you can make those suckers sing. if you get the right pollster, you can do -- and you do -- you really do inflict damage, you know, when you do like this person from Iowa. "Today --" The election, essentially, is really -- we're talking turkey. Comes out with a poll different from every other poll because it wasn't even in question.
It's really the opposite way. I'm way up. If you look at three or four months ago, Dan, I was losing states that now are walks. You know, they're now walks. And I think you're going to have that here. They -- it's called suppression. They suppress. And it's actually should be illegal because it's -- in many ways, it's worse than the written word, which these guys do quite well, actually.
John Joyce is a fantastic person and a brave person. Thank you, John. The other day, I introduced, at John's request, the Penn State national wrestling championship team, right? And these guys came up, and they were powerful as hell. They were -- they just won the -- think of it. The coach must be unbelievable.
I hear he's a great wrestler, too, a fantastic wrestler, like a champion champion. Didn't he win the Olympics, also?
So, this coach is something because they won 11 -- think of this, they won 11 out of the last 13 years they're in. That makes him -- you know that's like John Wooden stuff. That's incredible. That's incredible. So, I congratulated him, but I did that for John and the whole group. And that's -- to me, it's -- you know I'm into sports.
I love sports. When you think of 11 -- but I looked at these guys. I had them up. I brought them up the dais. The place was packed. That arena was packed, and we could have packed it five times if we wanted to. If we had a bigger arena, it would have been -- it didn't matter. But I had them up. And I'm looking at these muscles, they're bulging all over the place.
You know, they're the best wrestlers in the country, all the top champions. And many of them were the individual champions. And I said to the audience, "These may be the only people in this room that could take the illegal migrants in a fight. Outside of this little group of 10 people that I have up here, we're in trouble."
In fact, I tried to recruit them for ICE, but they have other plans. I tried to recruit them. Did you know that? I said, "Come on. How would you like to be a member of ICE? We need you." Because ICE is incredible. ICE goes into a pack of MS-13, fists flying. I mean, somebody's got to do it. It's a nasty job, but they love it.
They love the country. And, Lloyd Smucker, I want to thank you very much. Thank you. Great guy. These are all great. I also want to recognize our great Amish community. We have -- where are they, the Amish community, you know? [Audience member calls out "They're at church."] They're at church? I love them.
I trust their vote. They are the most -- and you know what, they say -- I mean, you tell me, this is the first time they've ever been involved. They've got on their horse and buggies, right? They -- they don't do machinery. They -- but they made an exception that they're able to come, and they're coming to one of the rallies.
And they made an exception where they can go, but they can't drive. And I'll tell you about them. I had a barn to build, and I went out to bid, and I got all these crazy bids for a lot of money, and they bid for like one-third the price. They built a big barn, substantial, out to the cameras, and as wide -- almost like to the cameras and as wide, big barn, at one of my clubs.
Three days and they didn't use nails because they don't -- they're not allowed to use metal or something. Sarah, three days and the barn is gorgeous. I keep saying, "I want to build another barn. I'd make a good deal with these --" No, they came in, they took the wood from another location and had the horse and buggies.
And I never saw anything like it. These are unbelievable people, three days. Oh, is that the head of Truth, the head of Truth Social? Hey, that's a hot stock. What's going on with that stock? What the hell, Devin Nunes? You know, he was a great congressman. Everybody respected him so much. And he was tough as hell.
He said, "Sir, you know, there was a man, they said --" And this is what we need in our country. When shifty Schiff and crooked Hillary and all these people, this -- this absolute sleaze, when they came up with the Russia, Russia, Russia hoax -- you know, it never existed. It was supposed to be a one-day statement.
That was their reason. "Why did you lose?" Because I was given a 3 percent chance of winning. And remember, as the evening went along -- was that the greatest? You know what, we can have a better evening in two days if you get out and vote. We can have -- Danica, we can have a better evening. This is better than winning the Daytona.
This is Daytona times a thousand. But no, we can have -- but I heard there's a young congressman down in the basement of the White House. I said, "Who the hell is he?" "His name is Devin Nunes." "What the hell is he doing down there?" "He doesn't believe the Russia story and he's going through all of the records."
He was down there for months. No, this guy is like -- if he clamps in on you, you have a problem. And he went for months with a couple of your good friends, right, [Inaudible] and some of your friends. But they spent months at the bottom of the White House and the basements of other buildings. I said, "What the hell are they doing here?" And then one day, I made a mistake.
I said, "I'd like to meet him." He came up, he shook my hand, and then he went off and he went -- I literally didn't even -- we didn't even sit down, right? But because he shook my hand, they said, "He's in a conspiracy with the president." No, there was no -- I didn't even know him. I had no idea who the hell he was.
All I know is he's a man, and he figured out the Russia thing was a total hoax. And he was the -- he was the expert, and it was a total hoax. It was a made-up story. And [Audience member calls out "We love you."] anyway. When he left Congress, I said, "You know, I'm doing Truth." Because I had hundreds of millions of followers between Facebook, Instagram, I mean, hundreds of millions, like at the top.
I had all of them and Instagram and all -- I -- nobody had what I had, I think -- maybe -- I don't think anybody. And I went from hundreds of millions of followers to nothing. I was -- they took it away. For no reason, they took it away. And I said, "I have to figure this out." So, I said all right. I started doing press releases, Save America, and they were very successful.
But it was a press release, but they were, like, hot. And we were developing this new thing, and they said, "What are we going to name it?" I said -- and we ideally get five letters, and they had all these fancy names. Usually, a lot of them started with an X in front because it was hot, and they couldn't come up with a name.
I said, "What about Truth? "Sir --" He didn't say this, somebody. "Sir, you'll never be able to get Truth. It's impossible to get Truth, sir." "Why?" It's very generic. It's very this. "Sir, it's already taken." "Why do you say?" "Because there's no way you could get it. It's five letters, right?" I said, "Yeah, but it's five --" "Sir, you won't be able to get it.
Just -- I'm sure it's taken." "Check. Go check. Go check." Comes back 20 minutes later. "Sir, you just bought the name Truth for 2,000 bucks." Right? Right? You just bought the name Truth, Truth Social. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And it's been great. But lately, it's on fire. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] That's -- what the hell are you doing, Devin?
I made $7 billion last week. What was it up, 10 billion? No, $10 billion. So, I can't get angry and say he's doing a bad job, right? I don't know. But I'm proud of you. But, you know, much more importantly, I didn't do it for the money. I did it because -- think of it. This is so cool. A friend of mine who's a great guy, he said, "This guy, he gets banned from Twitter and Facebook and Instagram."
I was on all thread, over 200 million whatever the hell you call them, right? I got banned. I went from being just -- they banned me. My enemies banned me. And this guy came up with this great theory. He said, "Think of it, they banned him, they disgraced him, and he has no choice. He goes and opens his own platform. And now, the suckers picked up $10 billion."
They forced me -- they forced me into building a 10 billion -- I was forced, right? [Audience member calls out "President"] That's pretty cool. Who would think that way? The guy that I'm talking about is a very sick person, but -- but he is smart. But in conclusion -- I hope you've enjoyed this because I'm only doing this one time.
Right? I'm only doing this one time. I'm going to promise because I'm sure I'm very late for my next rally. I'm sure they're all waiting for me. [Audience member calls out "We thank you."] I'm only -- but this is the kind of thing I should only have to say once. And when they say, "He gave a long and rambling speech."
No. Say, "It was brilliant." Please say that. [Audience member calls out "It was brilliant."] Nobody else could do it. It was brilliant. In conclusion, with your vote on Tuesday, we are going to fire lyin' Kamala and we're going to save America; we're going to cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Oh, you know what's nice? Look, look, I'm trying to tell them because these guys can say they're so crooked, they're worse, they're worse than crooked Hillary, which is hard. But look, everybody is standing. Do you know what that -- I mean, that's a sign of respect. [Audience member calls out "We love you."]
Everybody is standing. So, when they say, "He gave a long and rambling speech," let them know that [Audience member calls out "It was brilliant."] before the end of the speech, by a little bit, everybody stood because they heard the truth today. They heard the truth, just like Truth Social. They heard the truth.
Again, the word truth. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. We want to hire people. It's time, right? It's time to put America first, isn't it? [Audience responds affirmatively] I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never started if I were president. It would have never -- zero chance.
I said, "Vladimir, don't even think about it." Zero chance. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. That would have never happened, October 7th. Iran was broke. They were stone-cold broke. They had no money for Hezbollah. They had no money for Hamas. They had no money for anything. They were broke.
Do you know, in four years, I had no terrorism? Can you imagine? And I stopped -- I had no wars, also. I didn't, other than I inherited ISIS, and I knocked out in a short period of time, a few weeks, 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate, and these idiots like Kelly and Mattis and stupid Milley -- he's so stupid -- they said it was going to take five years, and I did it in a few weeks.
That's why I went to Iraq. I said, "General --" And I met a real general, and our military is great. He knocked them. He said, "Sir, I'd attack them the following way. I'd attack them from the left and from the right. I'd attack them from underneath if we have to." "Well, how long will it take you?" "I'd say four weeks, sir."
But I was told five years in Washington by the stupid people. Anyway. But we have real -- we have real -- and don't worry about them being woke. You could put them in a woke cage for two years, and they'd come out fighting. They're not going woke. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] The guys -- those few guys on top are woke.
And, by the way, every one of those guys should have been fired for what happened in Afghanistan, every one of those guys. He doesn't fire anybody. I fired Kelly. I love firing that stupid guy. But you know what happens when you fire them if you're me? They go out in the Times and all these people, they go, "How would you like to write a book about how bad Trump is?" That's what happens.
When you fire people, no matter how you do it, nicely or not, when you fire them, they end up writing books and they lie in those books. They tell you -- like stupid Bolton. He's one of the dumber people I met, but he was great for me because every time I walked into a foreign leader's office or the foreign leaders came to see me, including Kim Jong Un of North Korea -- we had no problem.
That was supposed to be a war. You had no problem. But when I had this dumb guy, Bolton -- he got Bush involved with, you know, destroying the Middle East, right? They attacked the Middle East and spent $9 trillion, killed millions of people on both sides, millions, because I include the other side, too, millions and millions of people.
They got nothing. They came back. And I said, "Don't go in. But if you're going to go in, keep the oil at least." You got to keep something. They didn't keep the oil, and Iraq now has $400 billion in oil money in our banks. Can you imagine how stupid these people are? But Bolton was great. He would never talk.
But he was -- with that stupid face and the mustache, and he'd sit back behind me. And I'd tell guys like Putin, "Listen, Vladimir, we have to do this. We have to do that." And he's looking over my shoulder, that dumb son of a bitch. He's going to say, "They're going to blow the crap out of us." So, he was a great guy.
But ultimately, he self-destructed, as many of them do. But I will prevent World War III. I know them all. We're very close to a world war right now with these people that we have, these low-IQ people that we have right now. We don't even know who it is. So, Putin, he's probably saying to himself, "Who the hell is running that place?" It's like -- you know, it's the United States of America.
We have other countries saying, "Who the hell is running the United States of America? Does anybody know? Who do we speak to?" [Audience member calls out "Obama"] I don't think you -- he just said Obama. That's right. No, I -- I don't give Obama that much credit, actually, because I don't think it's Obama.
No, Obama likes to play golf. He plays more golf than any human being. But we'll crush violent crime and give our police the support and protection and resources and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We'll build a missile defense shield. [Audience responds affirmatively] Why shouldn't we have one? Our technology, whether you like it or not, and it's all going to be made in the USA.
It's going to be made right here, too, in the great commonwealth. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, which is a disgusting mess, with graffiti all over that beautiful marble. Those beautiful marble columns, those magnificent columns, that's when we knew how to do things.
We put them up. You almost say how did they ever get them there before tractors, before they had Caterpillar? How did they get them there? But they were brilliant. And they have graffiti on them and lots of other things. And we're going to clean up our Capitol and make it beautiful, make it safe so that when you go there, you don't get shot.
It's so badly run. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools and fair. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment.
Is that Kelly? Is that Kelly? Hi, Ms. Kelly. Another great person, but does it matter? Right now, I'm in the middle of my closing, I see somebody that I felt I had to introduce. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our nation, we're going to defend our borders, and we're going to protect our citizens and our lands.
We're going to protect our lands. And we will stop illegal immigration and these massive numbers of killers and drug dealers that are coming into our country. We're going to stop them cold. And we want people to come into our country, but we want them to come in legally. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] We will not be invaded.
We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We're being conquered just as though it were an army. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and filled with the American dream. [Audience member calls out "Thank you"]
But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda. She destroyed San Francisco. We're not going to let her destroy our country. And we want a landslide that's too big to rig, and I think that can happen. I mean, I'm seeing all these close -- close polls. Oh, he's leading by half a point.
He's leading by a point, right? I don't know. I think the enthusiasm, that's one thing. They even -- the level of enthusiasm for the Trump voters is more than double the enthusiasm for -- for this person that nobody ever heard of. You need to get out and vote, very simple. And again, I don't want your money.
I don't want anything. I just want you to go vote. We're going to turn this thing around. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] For the past nine years, we've been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces anywhere on Earth. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It does. It belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And two days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
That's what's going to happen. You watch. It's going to happen quickly. It's going to happen very quickly. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise and we will take back the nation that we all love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We will never give in, we will never give up, and we will never ever back down. We will never surrender. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. We're going to win. We're going to win. We're going to win. We're going to turn it around. We're going to turn it around, and it's going to happen fast.
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Thank you very much. God bless you. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Go vote. Thank you. God bless you all. Thank you.
Wow. This is great. This is fantastic. A very, very special hello to Pittsburgh and Pennsylvania. I went to school in Pennsylvania. I know everything about Pennsylvania. I love Pennsylvania. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible -- and it is incredible. Is it incredible? This incredible commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots and hard hats.
People have no idea how smart they are. Their greatest -- these are great people, let me tell you. I love them. I'd like to begin by asking a very, very simple and easy to understand question. [Audience member calls out "Yes"] Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] Does anybody disagree? It's dangerous.
Don't do it. But over the past four years, Americans have suffered one catastrophic failure, betrayal, and humiliation after another. Kamala Harris has delivered soaring prices and economic anguish at home, war and chaos abroad [Audience boos] and nation-destroying invasion on our southern border like nobody's ever seen before.
She's actually a disaster. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] My message to Americans tonight is simple: We do not have to live this way. We don't. We don't. And we won't. We won't. We do not have to settle for weakness, incompetence, decline, and decay. With your vote tomorrow, we can fix every single problem our country faces and lead America and, indeed, the whole world to new heights of glory.
We will help the world. A lot of people think we're isolationists. We're not. But we want -- but we want the world to appreciate what we're doing. They have to appreciate that we're helping them. When we win election -- only one day. How does that sound? Nice. One day from [Audio gap] senators and congressmen.
We've been waiting four years. Oh, now, it's what I've been saying, only one year [Audio gap] four years for this, four [Audio gap] you know, we totally rebuilt our military. But now, it needs a little strengthening after giving a big chunk of it to Afghanistan. Figure that out. [Audience boos] Figure that one out.
I will restore peace in the world, and I will rescue the American dream. Together, we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country and we will launch the most extraordinary economic boom the world has ever seen. And we'll do it by utilizing the assets that we have. If you vote for Kamala [Audience boos] you will have four more years of misery, failure, and disaster.
Our country may never recover. Vote for me and I will deliver rising wages, soaring income, and a colossal surge of jobs, wealth, and opportunity for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed, every one of them. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] A vote for Trump means your groceries will be cheaper.
So many people mentioned -- I go in, so many people mention groceries, that beautiful but simple word, groceries. "Sir, my groceries." You don't think of it that way, but that's what they mentioned more than anything, my groceries. Your paychecks will be higher, your streets will be safer and cleaner, your communities will be richer, and your future will be brighter than ever before.
This will be the golden age of America. Just a few months ago, in a beautiful field in Pennsylvania, not far from where we are tonight, an assassin tried to stop our movement. [Audience boos] And this is the greatest political movement by far in the history of our country. Tried to stop it. But that brush with death did not stop us.
It only made us more determined to finish the job that we had only just started. [Audience chants "Fight"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. This is a frisky group. Many people say that God saved me in order to save America. Many, many people are saying that. And with your help, we will fulfill that extraordinary mission together.
We're going to fulfill it. We're going to save our country. But many, many people have said that. To every citizen across this land, I am asking for the honor of your vote. I don't want your money. I don't want anything. I just want your vote. We are -- we are on the five-yard line. I would actually say we're on the one-yard line, if you want to really know the truth.
And some of the -- some of the -- oh, that's a lot of fake news back there. Look at that. [Audience boos] You know, for a person that they hate, they sure do show up, right? There. That's a big group of people. Some are actually good and some are just absolutely terrible. All right. Thank you for being here. [Audience member calls out "We love you, President Trump."]
It shows that ratings are more important than hatred. I've always said that. As your president, I will fight for you every single day, with every breath in my body. I will fight, fight like hell. Together, we will save this country, we will defeat the corrupt system in Washington, and America's future will be an absolutely incredible one.
That's what it is. But we got to start immediately. It can't wait any longer. It's not going to be possible. This is all you really need to know. It's simple, not particularly beautiful as a statement, but very simple. It's Kamala broke it, I will fix it. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. And I don't know if you know, but Kamala has a little rally going on.
And when I say little, I mean little. [Audience boos] It's a competing rally. It's not this giant place that's sold out. What -- what a beautiful -- this is a beautiful place. But -- and it's quite embarrassing. It's all over the internet. She's screaming, and the people, it's about 100 people, they're not moving.
They just -- they just want to go home, just because be going. It's not quite this. You see the front row, you have a lot of front-row joes. We have more front-row joes here than she's got at her big rally. This was the big one. No, it's a whole lot. She tried to get stars to come in, and they wouldn't do it, actually.
She'd go and get Beyonce. [Audience boos] Beyonce would come in. Everyone is expecting a couple of songs, and there were no songs. There was no happiness. It's just like "Give me my check. I want to get out of here." But you always put the star -- she should have learned this from crooked Hillary. Always put the star after you.
That way, the people stay. Finish your speech, let the star -- and even if she doesn't sing. They booed like hell, but the press didn't play that. They booed both of them the hell out of the stadium. But you know what, even though the act was terrible, it's, like, by that time, you're out of the -- like Elvis had left the building.
Elvis has left the building. No, it's terrible. They forgot -- they obviously forgot to get a star tonight. But we don't need a star. We don't need stars. I never had a star. No. [Audience chants "Trump"] We don't need a star. Just to bring it back into seriousness, we don't need a star because we have policy.
We have great policy. We have great policy. No, we do have great policy. Look, they have horrible policy. They've got a machine that's incredible. They've got a vicious, horrible, horrible group of people, a machine where they can have open borders and let people pour into the country. They can have transgender operations at any age anytime you want. [Audience boos]
They can be pushing men playing in women's sports and -- [Audience boos] and because they have -- because she's just a vessel and Joe Biden was just a vessel. It's a group of very powerful people that are probably people that hate our country and they want to destroy our country. Somebody said, "Are they dumb? Who would have these --" It's embarrassing when I say, "We will keep men out of women's sports."
I'm saying -- can you imagine saying that 10 years ago? They'd say, "This guy is cracked up. This guy is crazy. Who the hell is going to have men playing --" Did you see the Olympic boxing where two people who transitioned, they transitioned from men to women, and just a light jab, that was the end of that one.
You know, a jab, for those that don't know, but -- that's just like -- it's sort of like a defensive punch. Bing, and the young lady who was a champion walked back to the corner. She was from Italy, beautiful young lady, which I'm not allowed to say. You can't say beautiful, so I'll take beautiful. But she was a beautiful young -- in politics, you're not allowed to call a woman beautiful anymore.
It's the end of your career. So, please delete the word beautiful. Thank you very much. Well, "60 Minutes" deleted the whole damn answer [Audience boos] right? So, I'm allowed to do that, aren't I, Susan Wiles? But America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] It's true.
Tomorrow, you have to stand up and tell Kamala that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's the least talented person we've ever seen in government. She allowed our borders to be opened. She has allowed bad things to happen. She allowed a man who was grossly incompetent to remain in the most important position of any country in the world when they're talking nuclear weapons and they're talking wars.
And she still says, "Oh, no, I didn't notice anything wrong." If she -- if she didn't notice anything wrong, then she's got a bigger problem than he has. So, we don't like it, Kamala. We don't like what you've done. You're the worst vice president in history. He's the worst president in history. Kamala, you're fired.
Get out. Get out. You're fired. [Applause] Right? [Audience member calls out "I love you, Trump."] See, I consider all those guys back there with the big muscles -- and it's not my thing, but I consider them really beautiful to me. They're beautiful people, and they are productive people. They make our country work and run.
They built our country. They did. And then you had stupid politicians that let them down. And those companies got taken out of Pittsburgh and every place else like you take candy from a baby. But now, we have the exact opposite. If we win Pennsylvania, we will win the whole thing. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] It's very simple.
And I do believe it is -- I say you have to make -- I do believe it is too big to rig. I think it's too big to rig. They'll try, and they are trying. You know that. It's too big to rig. This is a big movement. This is -- you know, we did great in 2016. We did much better in 2020, but a lot of bad things happened.
He turned out to be a brilliant candidate from his basement that nobody ever heard. No, this is that big, powerful, vicious party, though. No, it's a vicious machine. I mean, they can take all these bad ideas and win elections. It's like there's only way you could do that, one way. There's only one way.
But you know what it did teach us? In one way, it was good because it taught us how bad a communist philosophy is, how bad a Marxist philosophy [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] how bad all of this stuff is. And we'll really be able to get our country back the way it should be. It's much easier because you're going to realize how bad it is.
It's just what's -- what's happening when we go over the economy and the economic numbers over the last week. It's Herbert Hoover stuff, and I never wanted to be Herbert Hoover. Let me just tell you, the one president I didn't -- and there were some that I wouldn't want, too, either, but in particular, because I'm very good at business, I've always been good at business, they're starting to realize that -- those guys back -- oh, they wanted me to be bad, so bad.
But now, they're saying, "This guy is guy is shit, man. He's made a lot." But -- but listen, so -- and -- and if I'm not good enough, Elon Musk is good enough because he is working so hard. Elon -- Elon with that rocket, think of that rocket two weeks ago coming down and those engines are blasting. And I said, "Man, a few days ago, it left. It was a beautiful crystal white. Now, it's all like fire blazing."
They know about that. Like it went through a steel furnace, by the way, but that's what it did, 10,000 degrees coming down at like 20,000 miles an hour. So, think of it, a car is going 90. You're going -- this is like 20,000 miles coming down 22-story building. Then it stops, starts flipping around, starts finding this crazy site in the middle of where the hell -- wherever it was.
And I told this story, I hope I don't bore you with it, but I had this guy on the phone. I told it at another rally, and I don't want to bore. Did anybody hear this story? [Audience member calls out "No"] Should I tell it again? It's quick. [Audience responds affirmatively] I hate to tell it again. I hate to double up, but this is sort of -- so I'm talking to this guy, one of the most important people in the nation, in his mind, only in his mind.
And because I was president and they say, most likely, like about a 96.2 percent chance, but we can't -- look, we can't -- we can't -- remember -- if you remember 2016, I was given a 3 percent chance of winning. And then I won Florida, and it went to -- think of it. So, she was at 97 and I was at 3. Then she was at -- I won Florida.
She went down to 92. Then I won Georgia, then I won North Carolina, then I won South Carolina. Then I won -- I went -- I ran the whole East Coast, and then people started going crazy. Remember the woman with the glasses and that big head of hair? She was screaming. I said to my beautiful wife, "Why is she screaming? We're going to make America great. Why is she screaming?"
But she was not too happy. I wonder what ever happened to that woman. She became famous. They were going crazy. Then she had a 55 percent chance. Then it was a 49 percent. They went crazy. But that was something. So, based on what I'm hearing, he's at, right now, 4 percent -- she's at 4 percent. And so, we never want to take anything for granted, but we're really doing well.
If you vote -- here's a story. We have the ball. It's ours to win. The only thing I ask is that you go out and vote because if you vote, we're going to win. And -- and believe the fake news when they say this is going to be tight. This is very -- it's really not tight [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] but they want to do that because they want to get ratings.
They want everybody to watch. But you got to do this. You got to just forget those people because they don't tell the truth, OK? [Audience boos] Just -- no, no. [Audience boos] Well, actually, I didn't even correct them because I don't -- it's actually better if let everyone think it's going to be tight as hell.
But whether it is or not, it doesn't matter, you have to go out and we have to swamp them. Everybody has got to vote. So, over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon its people. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border -- this is a sovereign border -- unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, the toughest people there are.
You know, I was here with a great group. Just the other night, I was -- I was in Penn State territory, and we -- and we had a packed room. We had a packed -- not room, it was a stadium, the place. You know, I always go -- I always like to say when I come to the arenas, "How many times could we have sold it out?" In -- in -- if you look at where we were in Wisconsin, Milwaukee, we had a brand-new, gorgeous, big arena.
We could have sold it out 10 times. I'm telling you, we could have sold out Madison Square Garden five or six times [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] five or six. And I always view it that way, but we had situations where -- and we put up videos of the vicious crimes. I don't put them up anymore. You know why? Because the fake news refuses to put them on.
And I have friends calling me, they love to watch the rallies. They can't get enough of them. And they're going "President, it's so terrible. You're speaking and then you put up a video on a screen right behind you and the fake news refuses to --" All they have to do -- they refuse -- they don't put it on television.
They have the thing on -- every one of those stations. And, you know, there's one that doesn't really treat us good, but people think they do. Nobody can figure that one out. I'm sure. They don't treat me good, but that's OK. But listen, they can't move the television. They can't move. All they have to do is take their camera and go like this, one inch over, one inch up, and you'd be able to see the screens.
But you can't see them. So, I don't really -- I don't really bother with it anymore. It's -- I mean, it's a terrible thing, a terrible thing. We have to get them to straighten out because I think without a free and fair press, it's very hard to do what we want to do. It's a very -- it's a very hard thing, very hard thing to do.
But they're allowing people to come in from insane asylums and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa. They're stealing our jobs and they're stealing countless American lives. They're killing a lot of people, much more than you're reading about. The day I take office, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins.
Oh, those Penn State guys. I wanted them to wrestle the migrants. I told -- you know the UFC Dana White? Oh, they -- they killed me on this. I told Dana, "You have to set up your league of champions, unbelievable, best fighters in the world and a migrant league." At the end, I want the migrant to go against the champion, and I think the migrant might actually win.
That's how nasty some of these guys are. But I don't know. I doubt that. I'll tell you, I felt very comfortable with those big Penn State wrestlers. Think of that, they won -- I mean, how good is this coach. They won -- in the last 13 years, they won 11 national titles. They won the title this year. And I had them up -- I brought them up in the stage at Penn State.
I was at Penn State. The place was packed. And I said to them, "Fellas, you may the -- you may be like the only guys in the country that can beat the hell out of the migrants." It's true. They're the only ones that could beat the migrants in a fight. These are tough people. These are people who've been in jails.
They're killers. They're murderers. The level -- the level of -- of viciousness is unexcelled, and it's from all over the world, not just from South America. So, we love being there. I was, just two days ago. We love being there. We love seeing these young guys. These guys were great. But they won 11 out of 13 titles, and it's called, Pennsylvania, here we are, right? It's one of those things.
They're pretty good. But we have to stop because the United States is now an occupied country. We're an occupied -- can you imagine somebody getting up and making a statement, "We are an occupied country?" When you look at what's happening in Aurora, when you look at what's happening in all places, Springfield -- how about Springfield, Ohio? We're an occupied country.
And, you know, those are just the places you hear about, but they're taking over large sections of the country. In -- in -- yeah, Colorado. Remember Colorado? They're the ones that started to -- the movement -- the governor -- the weak pathetic governor of Colorado. He's a radical leftist, and he's afraid of the people, the gangs from Venezuela.
He's afraid of them. He's afraid to do anything. He's lost control of the state. But he was the one that wanted to have Trump taken off the ballot, even though I was leading all of the Democrats, all of the Republicans at the time. I was No. 1. And they went to the United States Supreme Court and got a nine to nothing approval, but -- that Trump has the right to run for president.
He wanted me off the ballot. And the people in Colorado -- and the people in Colorado -- and you know who is more angry than the Republicans? The Democrats, the regular, not the politician Democrats. And they showed me with polls where I was leading in a state that normally -- well, of course, you know, they have all mail-in voting, so, you know, you can't count too much on that.
But if you didn't have -- if God would come down from heaven, if God would come down and be the vote counter just for one night, he'd only take one second because, you know, God works faster. God works faster, Megyn, than anybody else I can imagine. Yeah. So, we only need God for one second. He'll do the job.
He'll do the job and he'll be gone. You'd see we'd win a lot of these places. California sends out 38 million ballots. They send them out all over the place. They come back. Nobody knows what the hell is happening. Some people get eight ballots, some people get five, and some only get two or three. And I went to California.
We had a rally. We had 107,000 people show up. I said, "There's no way I would lose." And I do well with Hispanics. I just got -- a poll just came out, I'm at 56 percent with Hispanics compared to this woman who was at 36 percent. How about that? I think the Green Party got more than she did. I love the Green Party, Jill Stein.
She's may be one of -- I never met her, but she may be one of my favorite politician. But it will soon be -- think of it. We're an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. It's not going to be an occupied country. November 5, 2024 will be Liberation Day in America. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in the history of our country.
And I don't want to do that. I'm not looking to do that. I don't want to. I think it's terrible to do, but we have no choice. These are murderers, 13,099, put out by the Border Patrol, who, by the way, two weeks ago, gave me the best endorsement you've ever seen. They said I'm the greatest president in American history.
And I said, "Does that include George Washington and Abraham Lincoln?" "Yes, sir, it does." When they say that, they're all in, right? Better than Lincoln or Washington. Who would have thought? I wonder what my parents say up there. Hi, Mom, Dad. I know my mother is up there. My father is a little bit -- it's in dispute.
He was -- no, he would be up -- he was a strong guy, but he was a good guy. But I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. Can you imagine, we're talking about -- these are military invasions without the uniforms. That's all it is. And we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country as fast as we can.
And to expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua gang and the MS-13 gangs, equally as vicious -- you know, MS-13 took two beautiful teenage girls walking to school in Long Island. For some reason, they like -- we took them out by the thousands, ICE. She wants to defund ICE. ICE, they're tough as hell and they're also people that love our country.
They took two young girls, and they sliced them into pieces as they were walking. They sliced them. They didn't shoot them because that's too quick. They sliced them up and left them dead, two young, beautiful girls walking to school. And ICE did their business. ICE went in and took care of them. But can you imagine? And now, she wants to defund ICE.
Let's defund ICE. No, these are -- these are rough people. These are bad people. [Audience boos] I will invoke -- and this is how far we had to go back because, in those days, they didn't play games. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail, with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. Right? [Audience chants "USA"] And I will ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America.
And I am going to immediately do something that nobody has ever heard before and I've wanted to do it for a long time, but I don't want these guys to do it because they won't do it properly. We will immediately stop the drugs pouring across our border. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] We lose 300,000 people.
You don't lose 90. They've been saying 90, 90, 90. We lose 300,000. Everybody in this room knows people that were devastated, their children mostly, but the parents, too. They -- they die. Fentanyl. They put a piece -- take a pin, put a little tiny -- little tiny piece of fentanyl in the top of that pin, and that can kill five people.
Put a little bit more, it can kill the entire town. This is what we're dealing with. Everybody I know is losing sons, children to fentanyl. We lose not 100,000. We lose probably much more than 300,000. So, essentially, that's a war, right? That's a war. We don't lose that many soldiers if you're in wars.
So, we lose 300,000 people a year to drugs entering from Mexico. And if they don't stop this poison from flooding into our country -- and they can stop it by not accepting it from China. And I'm doing the same thing with China. We're going to tariff the hell out of them. And Mexico -- you know, people are surprised to hear this.
Mexico is our largest trading partner. And if we put even a small tariff on, like 10, 15 percent, you're talking about tens of billions of dollars, and they're not going to want to have that long. And they're strong. They can stop it if they want. They can do it if they want. They'll probably have to make a deal with the cartels because the cartels totally run Mexico, totally.
It's a terrible -- terrible things are happening in Mexico. But we're going to put a tariff on Mexico if they don't immediately stop sending that horrible stuff into this country. And likewise, we're doing it with China. If China doesn't stop -- you know, I had a deal with President Xi. He was going to give the death penalty because, in China, they give the death penalty.
When I first met -- and I had a great relationship until COVID, until -- I call it the China virus. I'd like to be more accurate. I had -- I had a great deal and a great relationship with President Xi, really great. He came to Mar-a-Lago. We spent a lot of time. We had -- we had a very good relationship.
He's a strong man. He's a fierce person. You know, people said, "What's he like?" He's fierce. There's nobody in Hollywood that could play his role, believe me. And I say that with respect. But I said to him, "You're killing a lot of people by sending fentanyl into our country." I said, "How many people do you lose a year with drugs?" "No, nobody."
I said, "What do you mean nobody?" "No, no, we have no problem with drugs." "Why?" "We have a quick trial." "What is a quick trial?" I mean, I know what a quick trial is. "What is a quick trial?" "If we catch a drug dealer, we bring him to a quick trial." He said, "We bring him to a quick trial, and they're almost always found guilty. And then we send the bullet home to the family, and the family must pay us for the bullet."
Can you believe this? This is a little different than our country. In our country, they'd lawyer up, they'd be going to trial for 30 years. But they have no drug -- they have zero drug problem. And I said, "I want you to do me -- do me a favor," and we made a deal. "You're killing our people, and that's going to end up in bad things for you, really bad for you, not for -- for you."
It can't get any worse for us. I said, "I want you to do me a favor. I want you to give the same death penalty to those people that are sending fentanyl into the United States. And if you don't do that, I'm going to tariff the hell out of your shit coming into the United States." And guess what, he agreed to do it.
It was -- we had an agreement. And then we had a very bad election, a horrible election. Think of the difference, how different our country would be. You wouldn't have had the fentanyl problem. You really wouldn't. You wouldn't have had inflation because they did that by screwing around with my energy.
We had energy at $1.84. It was $1.87. It was corrected by the federal government. I was at $1.84. We had all of these things. You wouldn't have had October 7th in Israel. All those people would be alive today, the hostages that most of whom are no longer living. Think of it. Russia -- Russia would not have -- Russia would not have attacked.
Ukraine wouldn't have happened. But Israel wouldn't have happened because Iran was broke. I said, "You can't buy any oil from Iran. Anybody that buys oil from Iran can't deal in the United States. We don't do business with you." China stopped it. I told that to President Xi. "If you buy oil --" They were the primary customer.
If you buy one barrel of oil, one barrel from Iran, you're not doing any business with the United States. We'll go cold turkey, which some people like anyway, but -- and you know what, they said, "All right." They didn't. Nobody did. I said that to 45 different countries. They weren't selling anything.
They were essentially broke. They wanted to make a deal so badly. And then we had that bad election, that horrible, disgusting -- worst thing that ever happened to the country was that election. And I left, and they didn't follow up the deal that I made, and the fentanyl is now pouring into Mexico at numbers and more people are dying.
And it comes across this open border. And we're taking in more drugs, human smuggling, all women, setting records. Poor -- bring up that -- my all-time favorite chart if it's possible to find. Where is that all-time favorite, the -- so the red arrow on the bottom, that's the lowest -- it's done by the Border Patrol, not by me.
It looks like something done by me, doesn't it? But that was my last day in office. Look at the red arrow. That was the lowest that we've ever had. Drugs -- it includes drugs, but drugs and human trafficking, but mostly illegals coming into the United States of America. Look at that number. And it would have gone down, all they had to do is leave it alone, leave the people we had, Brandon Judd, all these great people.
Tom Homan was consulting me and all these great people. That's all they've done in their life, and we had it down to a science. The drugs were coming in at the slowest rate. But we had illegals almost stopped. By now, they would have been literally stopped. And by the way, we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally.
They have to come in legally. They have to show they can love our country. They have to show that they didn't murder seven people along the way. But that's the lowest point. And I love that chart, even it was bad numbers, which is not. But even if it was horrible numbers, I would love that chart so much.
That chart was right over there. It never was over there, and it was never over there because they always do this toward the end of a speech, not at the beginning. And I looked over there at that chart, and I -- wing. I said, "What the hell was that?" Yeah. So, that was pretty amazing. But you know, I -- I do want to tell you one quick story.
So, I'm in Detroit, and Mexico is getting rather rough with us in terms of trade, and we're not going to take it. We don't have to take it. We have a good trade deal, but, you know, nobody knows how to use it because they're stupid people. And Mexico -- and Mexico is doing things that aren't good. And, you know, China is using Mexico as a subchapter S corporation, practically.
China is putting a lot of money into -- you know, they're running the -- they're running things pretty good, and they're going to build the largest auto plant. I was making a speech at the Detroit Economic Club. About a year and a half ago, it looked like I was going to run and I wanted to go see an auto plant because we're getting screwed on autos.
I mean, they're -- everyone is moving their plants over. Actually, Elon built a big plant in Texas, OK? We like it. All right? Elon built a very big plant in Texas. We got to give credit. We love Elon. He gave me -- he gave me another of the greatest -- he -- and you know where he is right now? He's in another part of your state.
He is now in Pennsylvania campaigning for Donald Trump because he thinks it's the single most important thing. [Applause] And, you know, he said something to me that -- that was interesting because nobody knows computers. That rocket I was telling you about, the way it laid down, he said it's all computers operating the engines.
The engines are -- are the easy part. He said the computers -- it's tremendous computerization. The way it just shifted it over, it's so beautiful. But I said to him, "What do you think about --" Because he really is watching this whole voting process. And he said, "You know, computers are the greatest."
He looked at some that were just shipped in, some of these vote-counting computers. He knew it before it even came in the door. He looked like at the back of it. "Oh, I know that one." I mean, he knows that's how -- I mean, he knows this stuff better than any. And he actually said -- and this is for the good of everybody, it's the good of mankind, essentially.
If you look at France, if you look at all these -- they had their mail-in voting, they all gave it up. That -- nobody does it like we do. And Gavin Newscum -- look at Gavin Newscum. So, now, not only is voter ID no good. If you're an official and you ask somebody for voter ID, "I'd like to see your voter ID," you have committed a criminal act.
Do you believe it? The mere asking. He just signed the bill. That's right, Megyn, isn't it? The mere asking. This guy just signed the bill. And an official says, "I'd like to see your voter ID." He's guilty of a crime. This is crazy. And there's only one reason they want to do that, because they want to cheat.
But Elon Musk said to me -- I hope I'm allowed to say this. I think I am because, one thing, he's out there. He's a guy -- he just wants the truth. He's an incredible guy. And he said computers aren't meant for this kind of stuff. He said there's only one thing you can do. He's the most sophisticated guy in the world when it comes to computerization.
He said the only thing you can do is paper ballots, same-day voting. You know, paper is very sophisticated, watermarked. It's very sophisticated. Paper ballots, voter ID, one-day voting, not 10 days where you say, "Oh, let's -- let's move these boxes from that room to this room because we're going to fix the air conditioning."
And then the boxes never get put back, and you say, "What happened to those boxes?" Oh, no, one-day voting, he said. And he said also proof of citizenship. You know, it would be nice. Very simple. And you'll have your answer as to who won and who lost by 10 o'clock in the evening. Nobody is going to dispute.
France had it, 37 million votes, and we knew who won and who lost at 9:30 in the evening. That's the time that they set. Do you know that I'm hearing that stories that they may take 12 days extra to count the ballots? [Audience boos] And bad things happen when you do that. Although, today, we won a very good case in Georgia, where the judge ruled that no, they're not allowed to have unlimited extensions for the votes to come in.
That's what I was -- "We have unlimited extensions." "Oh, oh, oh, we just found 100,000 votes just poured in from the --" No, we got to straighten out our -- you know, it won't affect me after this. Just we have to do it. We have to win the old-fashioned way and then fix it. But we have to fix it. We can't allow this to happen.
And remember, the states are essentially an agent, if I can use that term. But they're an agent of the federal government. The states are doing the collecting, so to speak, and they have to take their orders from the federal government. And how can you do this where they say it's going to take days longer? You have all this equipment.
The other thing is if you go to a paper system, it'll cost you 8 percent of what all of this fancy machinery costs. But Elon said that there is no computer in the world that can't be broken into very easily by somebody that's computer smart. I have a son at home, Barron. I said -- people love Barron.
They love Barron. They love Barron. I say, "Barron, you're always on your computer." I think you have to learn it at a young age, actually. "Barron, you're always on your computer. You got to stop. You got to do other things." "Yes, Dad. Yes, Dad. Sure. Sure, Dad." "Don't be wise. Look, I'm going to turn this thing off."
OK, Dad. Try it. So, I turn it off and I turn it off, it's locked. It's done. I have a number on it. He calls me 45. "Come here, Dad. Take a look." No, these kids are genius, I'm telling you. He's a wise guy, smart one. And do I have good kids? I have to just -- are my kids here? Where are my kids? They're around here.
They're around here. Get them out here. I think I want to bring them up. Four years -- [Applause] Because they've been with us, and Barron is home and he's watching this. He is watching. He's a little young. He's -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Barron."] He's watching. They love Baron. They love -- we love Barron.
And Ivanka is great. She watches. She loves this whole thing. She loves it. She loves you. She loves it. She loves the whole thing. But I just thought, you know, it's sad because we've been doing this for nine years. We've had hundreds of rallies, hundreds, actually numbers that are not even conceivable.
I've heard 800, 900. I don't know. But we don't even count them. But we -- and they're all like this. They're all these magnificent, magnificent rallies. And this is the last one I'm going to have here. And I have one left, the whole thing. And remember, the rallies are the most exciting thing. They'll never be rallies like this.
You know, you're going to have some leading candidate come in in four years. And honestly, if they're successful, they'll have 300 or 400 people in a ballroom someplace. This -- this is never going to happen again. It happens every single time. And it's never happened in the world. It's never -- there's never been.
This is a movement that's never happened, and it's going to be a movement that's going to save our country. It's going to be a movement that's going to save -- but it's sad in terms of we'll never have this, but we'll have other get-togethers. And in a way, all what we're doing, all these years of work -- and, you know, we started off with that very bad situation four years ago, and it was so -- it was so sickening to wait four years.
And if I didn't do so well, that's -- I did so much better the second time than the first. I wouldn't have done this if I -- you know, if I took in less votes. We took in close to 12 million more votes. I mean, Obama -- Barack Hussein Obama, he didn't do that. He got far less votes the second time, and he won.
And he's a major divider. I watched him the other night. I mean, he's a very divisive guy. I've always said that. He is a very divisive guy. And his wife, what's -- I've always been so nice. Oh, she was hitting me. She was hitting me. Michelle, she was hitting me. That wasn't nice. I've always been nice.
But they're dividers, I'll tell you right now. We're not going to stand -- dividers are no good. He's a highly overrated man, I'm telling you that. But he's a divider. I watched him with his crap where he's trying to get her in. He's the one that pushed her in the first place. And look what happens. I mean, I hope it happens because if it doesn't happen, this country is in big trouble.
But we've been doing this now for nine years. But -- and we had a great first term. We rebuilt our military. We cut taxes more than any president in history, including Ronald Reagan, who did a big tax cut. We cut more regulations. We developed and opened Space Force through the Congress, and I think that's going to go down -- first time in 82 years, that that last one was the Air Force.
We did that. I mean, think of all the different things that we did. We were respected all over the world. China respected us. Everybody respected us. There was no laughing at your leader. There was -- they came up with all these hoaxes, Adam Schiff and all this scum that we have in this country. They're scum.
And they knew it was a hoax. And they tried to put this guy who didn't know anything about Russia, they tried to put him in jail. Adam Schiff conceived of the story. [Audience boos] Think of it. Adam Shifty Schiff, one of the truly unattractive people. I call him Watermelon Head. He's got the largest head and the smallest neck.
He's got a neck that's about four inches around. He's got a watermelon on top of it. But he's not a stupid person, but he's an evil kind of person. And he's likely going to be a senator, unfortunately. But I mean, this -- [Audience boos] this scum is going to be a senator, so their movement carries on.
But our movement carries on, too. As long as ours carries on. No, he's got the smallest neck I've ever seen. Do you think he can play football for the Pittsburgh Steelers? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. One shot, and there goes, the whole thing would fall apart, one little shot. One tiny tap like that, boom, falls off.
No, but bad -- but think of how bad this is. I don't want to put him on the spot, but this kid went through hell on a story that they knew was made up, Russia, Russia, Russia, hoax. And I saw a Schiff come out of an intelligence meeting or something. You're not supposed to even do this, but he goes out in this press and he says, "Donald Trump Jr. will go to jail for what he's done with Russia."
[Audience boos] Right? And -- and I said, "Whoa." I said, "What's this all about?" So, I called him up and I said, "Don, what's going on?" He said, "Dad, I don't know anything about Russia." He didn't do anything. He went before grand juries. He went before -- what they did to this guy was -- and you know what, I think he became tougher because of it, maybe too tough.
He maybe got -- I think he's too tough, Sarah. I don't like it. He's too tough. They've made my son too tough, Mike. But he's a great guy and he's a -- he's a good person, and they put him through hell. But think of it, what person -- and Hillary was in on the act. They spied on my campaign. It's now proven, they spied on my campaign.
The Russia, Russia, Russia thing with Mueller, you saw Mueller's performance in Congress, right? He didn't know anything. We were totally exonerated. But for two years, this guy went through hell. He went through hell. He had nothing to do with Russia. He didn't know anything about it. They went through millions of phone calls.
They didn't find one phone call to Russia. It was a hoax. But think about how bad you have to be. We're going to put the son of the president of the United States in prison for what he's done with Russia. And he knows it was a hoax because he conceived of the hoax, along with crooked Hillary and the rest of them and Obama -- and Obama, in my opinion.
No, but think of it. He conceived of a hoax and he wants my son to go to prison. That is human scum, I'm sorry. And he'll probably go on to be a senator, and that's OK because we have blocked them. Everything we've done, we've won against, but they are bad people. You know, if they put their genius toward making our country great, boy, would we have fun? We would have fun together.
But I don't know if they're capable of doing that. It'd be great if we could bring everybody together. The time we came together is just previous to COVID. We had the most successful country ever in history. We were doubling up on China. They were paying us billions of dollars. No other president took in anything.
And you know what was happening? Everybody had jobs: African American, Asian American, everybody, Asian, the Hispanics. Look at me with Hispanics. Hispanics, they remember that period four years, five years ago. But everybody was successful: men, women, people that went to MIT, Harvard, and Wharton, and people that didn't have a degree.
Everybody was doing better than they've ever done before. People that never graduated from high school. And I'll tell you, what was happening is I was getting calls from people that I would say are the radical left, but people that were definitely very far left, and people wanted to start meeting. There was a whole thing.
This country was coming together, and then we had -- we got hit with something that nobody knew what the hell it was, although I did say it was from the Wuhan lab. I was right about that. And bad things happened. And we actually did a great job. Never got the credit for that. We got the credit for what we did with the economy, for what we did -- we rebuilt the entire US military and we knocked the hell out of ISIS.
It took them -- they were fighting ISIS for 18 years. I -- it took me four weeks to get rid of them, four weeks. So -- four weeks to get rid of them. But I will tell you, the -- and I just say this because so many people say, "Is there any way to unify the country?" And I used to sort of say, "No, look, we want to have walls, we want to have borders, and they don't."
I think it has to just be explained. I think that's an easy one. They want the men in women's sports things. You know, I've been a politician for now -- I can't believe I say that -- but nine years. I've -- I've had a lot of people come up and say, "Well, what about taxes?" What about this? What -- nobody has ever said, "Sir, it's really important to allow men to play in women's sports."
I've never had anybody say it. Nobody has come up to me and said, "You know, in the transgender thing, sir, it's very important to my family that you get that." I mean, these things are crazy. And yet, on television, that's all they talk about. That's all they talk about. But we're going to turn this country.
The -- the bottom line is it was really starting to come together, then we got hit, we got to fix that. Think of it. And when I turned it back over, the stock market was higher than it was just previous to COVID coming in. Think of that. Amazing. We gave them -- we handed them something beautiful, and they blew it.
They blew it right out the window. It's terrible. They blew it. And now, we're going to end up in a depression, frankly, if you look at the numbers that we are going to present in a second. But I just want to thank my kids because they are great kids and they have been with me from the beginning. [Applause] They've been with me right from the beginning. [Audience chants "Trump"]
And I thought I should do that because we go to Michigan tonight and we do one final. We've done -- we'll do four tonight. But we go to Michigan, and I really thought I should recognize my children. So, this is the second to last one. That's sad because we've been together. I mean, look at these people, the front-row joes, the North Carolina women, the whole thing.
We have people that have come to hundreds of the rallies, and we all love it. And, you know, they all love the country, everyone that -- they don't come to our rallies if they don't love the country just because they wouldn't do. But they have -- they have -- but -- but here's the only thing in closing.
We have done these rallies, and they were only done for one purpose: to put us in a position that we can be put in tomorrow to fix our country because the rallies, otherwise, they're just nice entertainment. So, all of these rallies that we've had for years now, they're done to put us -- and, you know, after that last horrible situation and so many bad things happened, China was immediately allowed to go buy oil, and Iran has hundreds of billions of dollars now.
They had nothing. They were broke. And so many other things happened, and it's really sad. But we were put in a position with these rallies where -- I can't tell you yet. But I mean, we're certainly on the two- or three-yard line, and the only way we can blow it is if you blow it. I've given you the ball.
I mean, you got to go and vote. You got to vote. And if they vote, Susie, right, if they vote, it's over. And they know it. They know it. They know it. They've already pulled out of a couple of states. You know, states -- states like -- the word is they pulled out of North Carolina. They cut all their ads.
They're using the money someplace else. I even heard they ran out of money. They don't have any money with all the money they raised. And they get a lot of it from unions and this and that. Even though -- some of the guys were telling me -- the steelworkers, they say, "The steelworkers are with you, just the top guys aren't," because you know what, it's -- I don't even blame them.
It's a habit. So many years, 50, 60, 70 years, they support the Democrats like a habit. But they're going to do a lot better with me. I want to tell you one quick story because it has to do with these people because I want to save their jobs, whether it's autoworkers or steelworkers. So, China -- China -- I have a friend who's the best and the biggest auto factory builder in the world, I guess, very big, very good, very capable guy, John, and I see him and we're talking about a year ago.
And he said, "Yeah, we're building some big --" "Oh, good. I want to see." "We're building some big auto factories." "Great. I want to see one. When can we go?" I want to take a look because, you know, I'm thinking about running pretty hard and that's a big thing. We got to save Michigan. We got to save Detroit.
Detroit's got big problems. And -- but just generally the car industry, right? It's a big industry. We want to be at the top. So, I want to see one of the factories. "OK. Good. We're going to go down to Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico. I want to look at it --" "No, we don't build the big ones over here."
What do you mean? He said, "It's just we don't. It just doesn't work that way." So, he said, "As an example, we're building a really big one in Mexico, right near the border." I said, "Who's the owner or the principal?" He said China. So, China is building a massive auto -- massive. He said it'll produce probably more cars than the state of Michigan produces, when you think, you know, because they have smaller plants.
They're all over the place. Some of them are very old. I said, "That's bad. That's going to kill Michigan. It's going to kill Detroit. It's going to hurt South Carolina, Tennessee, and various other places that are involved. That's really bad. This is a big --" "Yeah, and they're going to build more."
And I thought about it, and about two months ago, I let it be known that I'm going to put tariffs on all the cars that they're going to be selling us into the United States. And I let it be known that the tariffs would be about 100 percent and 100 percent tariff on any car that's made in these factories in Mexico, probably any car coming in from Mexico.
Remember, I'm going to put tariffs. This is a big thing. I'm putting tariffs on Mexico if they don't straighten out this drug. It's their problem. They're coming through Mexico, and Mexico is accepting this fentanyl, and I'm putting tariffs on Mexico. Every damn thing that they sell into the United States is going to have like a 25 percent tariff until they stop drugs from coming in.
And let me tell you something, those drugs will stop so damn fast that your head will spin. And I'm not playing games. I'm going to do it. And I'm doing the same thing to China. If they want to sell Mexico fentanyl at levels that nobody -- it's going crazy right now, what they're doing. You know, at least I -- we fought it like hell, and we did relatively successfully.
You can never -- I mean, they put it in hubcaps of cars. It's tough. It's all over the place. It's genius, some of these devices they come up with. But I've told China, "You want to sell --" We're going to have a good relationship with China hopefully. I want to have a good relationship. "But you sell fentanyl into the United States through Mexico, we're putting a 25 percent or so tariff on until such time as you stop doing it."
And they're not going to do it for long because that is a massive penalty. And we don't have to fight -- we don't have to fight with guns. You know, I had no wars. I stopped wars. I stopped two countries from fighting each other that have nothing to do with us. You can ask Ric Grenell, who did a great job for us.
And you can ask -- I stopped -- you can ask Mike Pompeo. He's here. I stopped countries from fighting wars that had nothing to do with us, just say, "Listen, fellas. You've been killing each other for a thousand years. If you keep --" And they both did business with the United States and made money. I said, "If you keep fighting like this, you're killing people."
Lots of people are dying. That's all I cared about. I didn't care where they're from, but people are dying. Good people are dying because -- because these leaders are stupid. And so, I said, "If you keep doing it, I'm putting a 50 percent tariff on everything that you do business with the United States."
You got to say -- I'm talking to two countries. They call me up the next day together. "We have -- we have resolved our differences." It didn't help me, but you know what, I saved a lot of lives. [Applause] So -- so, getting back to the auto plant because, you know, I may be the greatest weaver of all time.
But what happens, only brilliant people can do that. Stupid people can't do it because they get lost. Where am I? Where? So, the stories are very boring. They have to go right down like this, right down to the bottom. They can't weave it all. But I can weave and tell you all these stories. And they're all related.
And in some cases, not too much, 10 percent, but 10 percent is enough. So, getting back to where we started. So, I see, John. I'm at the Detroit Economic Club last week, had a great -- great people. And I see John sitting in the audience right where that big strong guy is with the label on his jacket, right there, you with a hat on, big powerful guy.
He's much more powerful physically than John, I can guarantee you that. But I see John sitting right there, and I'm making a speech. I want to see, John, I want to get this speech over with. I want to find out what the hell is happening with that plant. But I had told everybody that if they build that plant, I'm putting a 100 percent tariff on every car that that stupid plant makes [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] because they're looking to hurt our country.
And I did that and then sort of forgot about it. But now, I see John, and I say, "Do me a favor. That guy sitting over there, please bring him backstage after I'm finished speaking." They bring him backstage. I say, "Hi, John. How's that plant going where China is going to spend all that money to build a big plant that's going to hurt the United States and kill its auto industry?" He said, "Sir, I was notified last week that they've given up the plant. They're not going to build it. They think you're going to win. And if you win, they think it's going to be a very bad experience for them. They're going to lose their show."
And that's what happened. And I stopped it. And those guys back there, I took some pictures with a few of them, and they were hugging and kissing me. I said, "Get off me." Look at the size of those arms over there. They never kissed a man in their life. And you know why? Because I put tariffs on China dumping steel in the United States and every one of those guys is working now, right? And they're all working now and their steel plants are open.
And I was just starting. I was just starting. So, they like -- they like Trump. The rank-and-file loves Trump. The other guys are sort of like there's something strange going on. But I don't care. It doesn't matter. I don't want the other guys. I just want these guys. I'll tell you, the Teamsters supported Trump, 62 percent, and they have a great leader.
They have a great leader in the Teamsters, right, Steve? Sean O'Brien is a great leader, but he -- he just took a neutral -- and I think that's good, but he took a neutral position. But we had -- they took a vote with the Teamsters, and the Teamsters voted for us. And the firemen voted for us. I mean, everybody is voting for us.
And I like union. I like nonunion. I like everything, depends where you are. But the unions have been amazing. But the steel unions, they were all going to go out of business. They -- if I didn't put those tariffs on, there wouldn't be one steel plant in this country open, and that's a business, right? And that's a business we need.
If we're -- look, I'm going to keep us out of World War III. We're not going to have World War III. But if we ever had -- I mean, steel is a business you have to have. If we ever had a war -- if we ever had a war, you need steel. War with China. Oh, do you think they'll keep selling us steel? I don't think so.
We need more steel from China as we attack China. These people are crazy. So, that's one of the reasons I like those guys. If I -- and it was a big -- it was a 50 percent tariff, and I would have lifted it higher, but they practically stopped. And all these steel mills are open today because of what I did.
There wouldn't be a steel mill in the country. And these guys didn't have the guts, they would have never had the guts to do it. So, four years of Kamala have delivered nothing but economic hell for the American workers and the autoworkers, all workers. Her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000 in higher prices.
We got to get the prices down, and we will. When we bring the energy way down, the prices are going to come down. It's very simple. It's not that complicated. When they took over energy and they made it like they're going to close up everything, the prices of energy went up, and that drives -- it's so big, energy.
It's so powerful. And we have more than any other country, but we don't use it. Just days ago, we had the worst jobs report in modern history with only 12,000 jobs that were created. We used to hearing 250,000 jobs. It wasn't as good as we anticipated. Twelve thousand jobs. That's like Walmart. Think of it.
A Walmart deals in those numbers. This is a country. But listen to these numbers. Thirty thousand private sector jobs were killed in a single month, and most of the hiring is done by government jobs, so it's easy. You just tell the government to hire some more people to keep your numbers up, but they're not the jobs you want.
You want the jobs like the people standing behind me. And listen, and nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs were wiped out, and these are government numbers. These are not Trump numbers. This is not Trump. This is government. We get it right off the tabs. They were wiped out, 100 jobs, manufacturing jobs, were lost since the start of this year.
One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October, 150,000. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force over a very short period of time. Just think, a few months ago, they had fraudulently claimed -- these people are crooks. They had fraudulently claimed that they had 818,000 jobs created, and it was a fraud.
And what happened is they wanted it because that was such a big number that it made the jobs picture not look great, frankly, because they're so far down, but it looked -- it looked OK. It wasn't like a story. You know, they had a normal thing. So, they created a fake 818,000 jobs, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it through the election.
They wanted to get away with it right through the election and then announce a week after the election that they're going to revise the numbers. How would you like to be me? And that happened. When I heard this, I looked up, I said, "Thank you, God. Thank you very much." Because -- no, how would you like to be me and have a phony -- well, I sort of had that the last time, in all fairness, with all the phony crap.
But how would you like to be me and let's say I didn't win because the economy looked like it was doing OK, and then you see that they fraudulently put down almost a million jobs on the rolls, and then they announced that, "We're going to revise the numbers downward." But they also did something else because they just revised past jobs report down by an estimated 112,000 fake jobs.
So, that's almost a million fake jobs, and the press doesn't want to write about it. [Audience boos] But Megyn Kelly will write about it and talk about it, and others will, but they have to know about it. Meanwhile, 100 percent of the net jobs created in the United States of America has gone only to migrants.
Migrants have occupied 100 percent. And these are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading. If she's elected, that's where we're heading. If she's elected -- this is a depression. This is a 1929 -- and there was nothing worse than that. This is a 90 -- this isn't 1990s where it was not good, but fine.
This is a 1929, where people were jumping off buildings. This is a 1929. And it took 25 years to recover from that mess. And I always said, I said it before, the one president I don't want to be under any circumstances is Herbert Hoover, and that was done by bad tax policy simultaneously with lifting all sorts of other things.
It made it impossible for people. A lot of mistakes were made. But it took 20 to 25 years to recover, and I don't want that happening. And that's going to happen with her. She doesn't have a clue. She doesn't have a clue. And, you know, I just mentioned a name, but a woman who I saw the other night on television just ripped some poor idiot apart.
Megyn Kelly is here [Audience member calls out "Megyn"] and she's doing -- [Applause] come up. Come up here, Megyn. She ripped a guy apart.
Have fun.
Unbelievable. Thank you. Wow. Wow. Oh, wow. I have some more big news, Megyn. I'm just getting this right now. So, somebody that's very, very respected asked me to do his show two weeks ago, and I said why not. And to me, it's very big because he's the biggest there is, I guess, in that world, by far.
Somebody said the biggest beyond anybody in a long time. And his name is Joe Rogan, and he's never done this before. And it just came over the wires that Joe Rogan just endorsed me. Isn't that great? [Applause] Thank you, Joe. That's so nice. And he doesn't do that. He doesn't do that. So -- and he tends to be a little bit more liberal than some of the people in this room.
No, I had a lot of -- a lot of fun, and he was amazing, and he was -- it was a three-hour interview. In fact, I was two hours late for a rally that we had. I had to explain that a little bit. And it was cold out that night. We flew, and I -- but we had to make it. We were two -- more than two hours late, and they understood.
I said, "You know, I -- I just -- was interviewed by a very interesting guy and he just kept going on and take all the long form. And it could have gone a lot longer. But he was great. And he's not a person that does endorsements, but he did an endorsement. So, I just want to thank Joe Rogan. That's fantastic.
And, Megyn, thank you very much. That was something. That's really something. Also with us tonight is the man that I hope is going to be your next senator. He's a winner. He's tough, he's smart, he loves your state, he loves your commonwealth, and he will take this commonwealth to new -- to new heights.
He's -- he's just a spectacular guy. Dave McCormick. And, Dave, I think -- stand up, Dave. I think you -- I looked at a poll before, and I think you're doing very well. He's against a survivor. The guy is a survivor. He's a lousy senator, doesn't do a thing. Do you think he's talking about fracking? That guy talks about fracking.
He's not letting fracking get disturbed in any way, shape. We'll double up the fracking and the jobs and everything else. She's -- she's totally against. But everything in his life he's done has been successful. He was tremendously successful in college. He was a really good athlete. I don't think he -- I don't know if he was a wrestler, but I think the Penn State guys probably could have taken him.
What do you think, huh? What do you think? I think maybe, but you never know, right? You never really know. There could be an upset in the making. But he's been successful at everything. He went to Wall Street and became one of the most important people in Wall Street. And I just want to say that I hope you vote for him.
He'll be a great -- he's going to be a great, great senator. The commonwealth will be happy. You'll view it as a terrific vote. And think of it, it's going to be tomorrow. It's going to be tomorrow. We have another man who's a great senator from Tennessee. I love Tennessee. You know why I love him? For a lot of reasons, but we won by 31 percent the last time.
We didn't have to do this late-night stuff with Pennsylvania. But I think, Pennsylvania, we're going to -- I think we're going to have a big number in Pennsylvania, too. But I want to thank you, Senator. Bill Hagerty, please. Thank you, Senator. Good-looking senator, too. There's something about that.
And you have tremendous -- we have so many celebrities here. It's incredible. But, Bill, thank you very much. Good. Mike Pompeo, please stand up. Mike. He lost all that weight, he's so thin now. He looks good. Thank you, Mike. I appreciate it very much. And we have members of Congress that are warriors.
These guys have been fighting with me, meaning fighting with me in the proper way, not the bad way, and they're incredible people. John Joyce, Mike Kelly, GT Thompson, Guy Reschenthaler. These are terrific people. And somebody told me that, Guy, you were a terrific wrestler. Is that true? I didn't -- I didn't hear that.
So, I'm never -- I'm never going to fight him. That's all. You know, when you hear that stuff, don't ever -- don't ever go against the odds, right? That's fantastic. I heard really -- I mean, like really good. Thank you very much, Guy. I appreciate it. Former congresswoman and Democratic -- and she was a good candidate, too, for president of the United States, Tulsi Gabbard, a woman of great common sense, a woman of great common sense.
And she just switched over to the Republican Party, so that's good. She was a Democrat, then she became an independent, and then she became -- thank you very much. It's a great honor. She's a fantastic person. I always said -- you know, I've watched her for a long time, and I'd say, "That's a woman of great common sense," because it's all about common sense.
We can say conservative. It's common sense. And thank you very much. I appreciate it. A woman that we're very proud of. She started with us in the Oval Office in the White House. She became press secretary, and she then became the governor of Arkansas, Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Sarah, thank you. Beautiful.
Thank you. She's doing a good job, too. Oh, we have so many great people. So, somebody that ran for president, and let me tell you, he was good, he was smart, he was so impressive to me, and he was -- I watched the whole thing go on. They said, "Should you run --" I said, "Listen, I got a 72-point lead over everybody."
People want to hire a smart person, not a smart -- to be president. When you're leading by 70 or 72 points, why should you go on a debate and have 12 people knock the hell out of you because, eventually, it's got to have a little impact. So, I said, "I'll sit out the debates," but I watched the debates, and I watched this man and he was unbelievable, the governor of North Dakota.
He's become one of the great oil experts. That state is doing unbelievable since he's been governor. And he was like me, he was a successful businessman. He made a lot of money and he wanted to run and he knew the state. He was in the state, and he ran for governor. He won. He's been one of the best governors in the country, very smart.
And we got to bring him in because he's not going to be running again. I guess he's term-limited or something, but he's not. And we're going to find a good place for this guy. We're not going to let him go. Governor Doug Burgum. Thank you, Doug. Thank you very much. And his wife, Kathryn. Kathryn is phenomenal.
The son of one of the greatest baseball players of all time. Do you think I don't know about Roberto Clemente? Oh. So, Roberto Clemente Jr. So -- and I hear he's quite a player, also. But I'll tell you, I remember his father. In deep right field -- I remember the throw. You know, I've seen a lot of baseball, and I've seen a lot of throws.
And baseball doesn't seem to be quite what it was. We got to do something about that, you know. Too many stations, too many games, too late at night. They should hire me as commissioner, although I like their commissioner. I do. Some commissioners, I don't like. [Audience member calls out "Make baseball great again"] But you know -- make baseball great. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
But I saw -- come up here for a second, wherever you may be. Where is this guy? Because this guy was like -- come up here. Come on up here. Anybody with that gene, anybody with a blood in him of Roberto Clemente. Puerto Rico. I love Puerto Rico. Come on. Come here. Tell them how great was your father.
Let's [Inaudible] please. [Applause]
Thank you.
Good.
[Inaudible] Wow. Oh, wow. Well, Bobby is going to like that. Bobby is great, by the way. He's going to work and he's going to work with -- but now, he's going to work with Roberto Jr. Bobby Kennedy, you know, he's an incredible guy. It's not an easy step. You know, they've been Democrats a long time, the Kennedy family.
I'm sure they were thrilled. But Bobby had to do the right thing, and he did. And he's going to be very much involved. You know, he's got a tremendous view on health and pesticides and all the stuff. And we're not really a healthy country. You look at -- some countries are much healthier than our -- than we are, and they don't use all of this stuff.
And so, Bobby's going to pretty much do what he wants. I want him to do something really important for our country, makes people healthier. We have obesity, we have every problem you can have, and Bobby feels very strongly about it. And he's going to be very much -- the only thing I told him, though, "Bobby, you got to do one thing. Do whatever you want. You just go ahead. Work on the pesticides. Work on making women's health --"
He's so into women's health. And, you know, he's really unbelievable. It's such a passion. But I said, "Bobby, I want you to do it, but leave the liquid gold to me. Don't -- don't trample that. Don't trample on our liquid gold because we're going to let -- we have more than any other country in the world by far. Don't trample on that, Bobby. Let me just say just close your eyes. Let me just make our country rich as hell."
So, I got to keep him away from that. That could be a problem, but I got to keep him away from that. But that's -- so that's so exciting with -- with Megyn and Joe. That's so exciting. I mean, we have so many great endorsements. It's -- it's just really amazing. [Applause] And by the way, Roberto Clemente, you know, we all see a lot of plays and you -- you forget about them.
Even for those of us that have very good memories, you forget them, you forget them. But I remember playing the Mets, the poor Mets. They were playing the Mets, and a ball was hit into the corner right field. He played right field. And he went over, a rocket was hit there, and he went over and he got there.
He was deep in the corner of right field, and the players started marching to the plate, pretty fast runner. And I've never seen -- and I remember sort of everything. And Roberto Clemente -- because he was a great hitter and all. You think of him as a hitter, but he was an incredible fielder. But he had the best arm, I think, in baseball.
He threw from the deep corner of right field. It was not possible to do this. A ball that never was more than 10 feet off the ground. A strike, and the runner was out. And I said, "Well, there go my aspirations about being a professional baseball player." It was the greatest throw I've ever seen to this day.
And so, I wanted to -- it's funny. I -- he was one of the greatest hitters, but I remember him more for the throw than the hitting even. So, it's an honor, and Bobby is going to be thrilled, and I've heard so many great things about you, Roberto. We're going to get you lined up, OK? I love that. Thank you very much.
That's a great honor. Also, Mayor JD Longo is here and Sean Parnell. Thank you, Sean. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Good job you're doing. Good job you're doing. And a couple of friends of mine are here, Steve Witkoff, who has given so much money to North Carolina and all -- any place that has trouble, this guy, I always bring him with me.
You know why? Because if there's a trouble, he opens his -- he made a lot of money and he loves giving it away to people and places that have trouble. He's an amazing guy, actually. And he opened his wallet to North Carolina, to Georgia, to a woman last night, Carmen, who lost her daughter to a migrant five days ago and he felt very badly.
He just helps people. He likes to help people. He's a great businessman, but he loves giving the money away. Thank you very much, Steve. Stand up. Thanks. Steve Witkoff. And another man who is with us tonight, Howard Lutnick. He's working on transition with Linda McMahon, a phenomenal woman. And he rebuilt Cantor Fitzgerald.
His whole firm was taken down in the World Trade Center catastrophe. The plane flew right into him, practically. He had the top three floor. Cantor Fitzgerald, one of the most successful firms on Wall Street. And he was riding down the road of West Side Highway, and he actually saw this happen. He said, "Oh, my God."
He saw it happen. He saw the plane go in. And you know why he wasn't there? He was always there at 6 o'clock in the morning. But for five years, his wife was saying, "Will you please take our child to school?" And he said, "No, I can't do it. I've got to be at the office at 6 o'clock in the morning." The one day he agreed to take his beautiful child to school, he was delayed for two hours getting down there because he's taken this kid, who turned out to be great, because a long time ago, I said, "When you look at -- when you look at that beautiful person that you produced, do you thank that person? Do you think that person every single day?" But he wasn't in the -- probably the only day -- it might -- it might have been the only day in your life that you weren't in that building at 6 o'clock in the morning, right? But his brother was in the building and hundreds of other people that worked for him.
And his firm -- outside of a few people in Europe, his firm was wiped out in one instant. One second, it was wiped out. They were actually making phone calls to their families saying, "We're stuck. We can't get out." All the fire exits were wiped out and the stairs were wiped out. You couldn't get out.
They called their wives. They called -- his brother was calling him and the wife. I mean, the whole story is crazy. And they all died, every one of them, and he had to rebuild. He wanted to rebuild, and he rebuilt the firm bigger, better, and stronger than it ever was. And he gave a big chunk of the firm for an extended period of time to the relatives, wives, and family of the people that were killed.
Howard Lutnick. [Applause] It's a great story, actually. That's a great story. That's a -- he's a great guy. And just one other group is here because this is -- you know, we are all-inclusive. And if you see what's going on up in a really incredible place, a part of the country that's very incredible, but it's under -- it's under siege.
It's under siege. It's happening in Detroit. It's happening in a lot of other places. But Michigan is really under siege because of what they're doing to the auto business. We'd bring it all back. You'd see that we're going to -- we're going to -- through a series of intelligent tariffs, no taxes, but intelligent tariffs, all those companies are going to be brought back.
But we've gotten to know and -- and really understand, Muslims for Trump. How about that? Muslims for Trump. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"] And -- and it has become a big movement in Michigan, a beautiful movement. And you know what they want? They want peace. They really do. They don't want to be in wars.
They're very smart. And, you know, it started off as a little thing and has grown and grown and grown. And now, we have a much bigger vote than they do. Can you believe that? Because they said these people are stupid. All they want to do is -- they didn't know what to do. Actually, they were in between.
And she has no idea. She doesn't know where the hell she is. She can't -- and they liked me, and I like them. And let me just tell you, they don't want -- they want peace. They don't want a fight. And they're not involved in the terror and all the things that are going on. They're great people, and it's an honor for them -- I don't know where they are, but Muslims for Trump, if you want to stand up, because this was a really great -- thank you very much.
Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. And I think they'll be -- there's tremendous cohesion, and I think they may very well be responsible for the kind of numbers we're showing up in Michigan. Michigan is really looking good, just like Pennsylvania is looking good, just like Georgia is looking good, just like Wisconsin is looking good. [Audience member calls out "Yeah"]
North Carolina is looking really good. Arizona is looking great. Nevada is looking great. Where else is there? But, you know, even Virginia. We had -- we had a great meeting, Glenn Youngkin. We had a tremendous, tremendous crowd. You know, it's not a swing state, but we had a tremendous crowd in Virginia.
I'm hearing New Hampshire, we're -- you know, these are states that aren't really in play in theory, but they're in play now. No, I think we're going to have a big day. But you have to go -- forget about the others. It doesn't matter. You have to go and vote. If we win this state, it's over. We win the commonwealth -- we're going to win the commonwealth of Pennsylvania and it's going to be over.
So, get out and vote. That's all I ask. In conclusion, with your vote tomorrow, we are going to fire a Kamala, we're going to save America, we will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America and back to the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. Would have never happened if I was president. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from -- you're very close to World War III. You're very close, and we have people that are not the right people to handle it.
They are grossly incompetent. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. They know what's going on. They know everything. They know the names of the people that are coming into our country. They know everything about them.
All we have to do is let them do their job. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt it. But now, a lot was given away to Afghanistan. Can you believe they had a parade last week where they paraded our beautiful equipment down the middle of their boulevard? I don't like watching that.
And we should have never -- we should have never let them have Bagram, the big air base that's a mile -- that's just literally an hour away from China. We will build a missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA, and a lot of it made in Pennsylvania. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, DC, making them safe, clean, and beautiful again.
We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. I will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment, your Second Amendment, your beautiful Second Amendment, which happens to be under siege.
And for four years, it was fine. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens and our land. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded.
We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. And it will be soon. Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda, which is a landslide that is too big to rig.
We're going to have too big to rig. So, you need to get out immediately. You have to get out tomorrow. You have to get out tomorrow and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. They're the most sinister. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that the nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And tomorrow, it's hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history.
With your help, we will restore America's promise and we will bring back -- we will take it back, we'll do whatever we have to do -- the nation that we love. We love this nation. I mean, I'm doing this. I could be in the most beautiful beaches in the world, getting whacked by saltwater waves with sharks in it.
By the way, I don't like it. I'd rather be here. I want to be right here in Pittsburgh with those big strong men back there. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win.
November 5th, tomorrow, will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again, we will make America wealthy again, we will make America healthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again.
Thank you, Pittsburgh. God bless you. God bless you all. Thank you.
Whoa, whoa. This is a lot of people. This is a lot of people. What's going on with Virginia? What's going on? We're going to win Virginia. You know that. We got to get out and vote. And outside, you have exactly five times the number of people, so you're going to win this. We are going to win this on Tuesday.
Thank you, Mr. Governor. We're going to win. Thank you very much. You have a great governor in this state. He did a great job -- and your attorney general, the whole group. Thank you, Glenn. What a job. So, a very special hello to Virginia. I know it well, to put it mildly. And I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
That's what you are. You're patriots. And I'd like to begin with a very simple question for you to answer, if you don't mind. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans with your vote on Tuesday. That's a big day.
You've got to get out. We win -- I'll tell you what. We win Virginia, we win the whole thing without question. The whole thing. [Applause] Now, it's very possible that without winning Virginia, we're going to win the whole thing, too, but it would be -- wouldn't it be cool? Wouldn't it be nice? We got to do it.
We're going to win Virginia. I really believe it. We felt it. Your governor felt it. I felt it for a long time. But I will end inflation. I will stop the invasion of criminals into our country. And I will bring back the American dream. [Applause] This is all you really need to know: Kamala, a low-IQ person, broke it, and I will fix it.
I promise I will fix it. Go quickly. It's going to go quickly. They've done a lot of damage, but it'll go quickly. America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. And this election is a choice between whether you will have four more years of incompetence and failure or whether we will begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
That's what's going to happen. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future again. Be excited. You know, it's hard for you to be excited. We've -- you watch what they've done to this country, it's hard. Just be excited. It's coming back, and it's going to come back for you. And I'm asking you, remember this: to dream big again.
You're going to dream big, and we're going to do some incredible things because this will be America's new golden age. It's going to be a golden age of America. We're going to get the stupid people out of here as quickly as possible. What they've done -- every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands.
It really is. It's in your hands. On Tuesday, you have to stand up. You have to tell Kamala. [Audience boos] And you can't call her Harris. You know why? Because nobody knows. I mean, you say Harris, "Who the hell is Harris?" The whole thing doesn't work, so we'll just call her Kamala. You're going to tell her that you've had it.
You've had it. Kamala, you're the worst vice president in history. You're terrible at what you do. You've destroyed our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. [Applause] Get the hell out of here. I'm here today in this incredible commonwealth for one very simple reason; because I believe we can win Virginia, and that would be unbelievable.
And working with your governor, we will get MS-13 the hell out of your communities. You're loaded up with them. We're loaded up. They don't want to touch them. We're going to touch them. Going to get them out. We're going to have ICE all over the place. You know what ICE is? You know what ICE is? They're very tough people that love our country.
And if you don't have very tough people, you're not getting MS-13 out anytime soon. No, ICE doesn't mind. ICE is like -- MS-13 is their cup of tea. We will cut your taxes, create millions of jobs, fix your schools, stop the indoctrination of your children, and we will not let them try to change your kids' gender.
No, you will not be doing that. We won't be changing your children's gender with their transgender craziness. [Applause] And we will protect parents' rights, and we will protect school choice. You're going to have school choice here. School choice. And we'll bring back an education system based on merit.
Don't forget, our Supreme Court gave us a very great ruling, a decision that we're actually allowed to use merit again -- merit -- so that if somebody works hard -- if somebody works hard, they do well. They work so hard and do so well. We actually have a merit-based country again. Can you believe it? Isn't that nice? And we will, of course, keep men out of women's sports.
I promise. Last year, the radical left's gender insanity arrived right here in Salem when a man was allowed to transfer onto the Roanoke College women's swim team. [Audience boos] And I just met them backstage. They're great swimmers. I didn't notice a male on that particular team. I didn't notice a male on that team.
Perhaps I don't understand what's happening, but I didn't see any males on that team. Believe me. But the brave members of the swim team stood up to the transgender fanatics -- something new in our country. And those strong -- and I would say beautiful, but I'm not allowed to use that term anymore with women because, if you say beautiful, it means the end of your career in politics.
You're not allowed to say a woman's beautiful. So, I will not tell you how beautiful they are, but they are beautiful. But those strong, beautiful, intelligent women, they won. They won. And today, we're joined by seven of the great members -- really championship incredible swimmers -- of the Roanoke College women's swim team that have gotten a little publicity.
They've gotten more publicity than I have. What the hell is going on here? Including Team Captain Lily Mullens, a real champion. Come on up. Come on up, ladies. [Applause] [Off-mic] Lily, everybody. [Applause]
Great job. [Off-mic]
What the hell is going wrong with our country? Can you imagine? And the men don't realize they're tougher and smarter than us. I hate to say it, but they're tough. The men -- all right, that's a great job. Good job you did, Lily. Beautiful. Thank you very much, girls. Go win that championship now, please. [Applause]
So, we're just three days away from the greatest political victory in the history of this country, probably in the history of the world. But we have to get you guys out. You got to get out. We have to get out. We want to win everything. We want to win the popular vote. We want to win everything. And, you know, it's always tough when you have California.
They send out like 38 million ballots. They don't know where they go. Well, they actually do sort of know where they go. But they don't know where they go. They don't know where they're coming from. They come pouring back in the millions, and then they lose a -- a Republican always loses from 5 to 7 million.
You know, I was in California. You know, we took a poll just recently. Not us -- it just came out like today -- did you see it -- that I'm winning with Hispanics over the Democrat by eight points. And I'm telling you, if God came down and agreed to be our vote-taker for one day, just one day -- God would only need one second, actually.
If He came down and he was going to be our vote-taker -- meaning, if we had an honest election in California, we would win California. But when you have New York, Illinois, and California that like automatically -- it's like ridiculous -- automatically goes to a Democrat, it's tough to win the popular vote because they're three big states and it's like automatic.
Nobody is supposed to question them. You have Gavin Newscum, who's a governor of California -- [Audience boos] And he just signed a bill. And in signing the bill, you know what it says? If you're an official, if you're anybody, you are not allowed, under any circumstances, to ask whether or not somebody has voter ID.
If you say, "Let me see your voter ID," you are criminally liable. They will give you the electric chair. [Audience boos] "Ma'am, may I please see your voter ID?" How dare you ask me for voter ID. How crazy is this place? But you have a very sane, very solid governor. There's something very nice -- I can imagine.
Glenn's like me. I think when we heard that -- when -- we said, "This is getting a little bit crazier." So, now, it's not only that you don't have to have voter ID. Now, you're not even allowed to ask for it under penalty of a lot of problems. It's crazy. We've got to straighten that whole mess out. And then they say, he lost the -- "He lost the popular vote."
But, you know, it's tough. But I have a feeling. I mean, the polls are showing we're going to win everything. We're going to win the popular vote. We're going to win everything. [Applause] And I'd love to win the popular vote with them cheating. You know, let them cheat because that's what they do. They do it very well.
They're very professional, but I think we have a really good chance to win the popular vote. And I think things are going to be very interesting. It's going to be one of the most interesting days in the history of our country, and it's going to be the most important election in the history of our country.
And if we win -- which we should because we got a big lead. This is like Lily. She's swimming and swimming, and she's 10 yards advanced with about five yards to go. That's where we are. In other words, we're going to win. But I have put everything on the line for you. I guess -- I guess I don't want to say this too much, but, I guess you know, that little incident.
Somebody said, "Even his life, he put on the line." I don't know. But I know one thing. I wouldn't have changed it for anything. I wouldn't have changed it for anything because we're going to make our country great again. We're going to make -- we have such potential. We're going to make our country great again.
And I only want one thing from you. I don't want your money. We don't need your money. You keep that money. I only want a little thing called your vote, and that's what -- we'd be great. So, we want your vote, and it would be a great tribute to Glenn and to me and to your great lieutenant governor who endorsed me recently.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to indeed make America great again. So, yesterday was a big day. I can't believe this happened. I can't believe it happened. You know, I don't think anybody can believe.
I've never seen numbers like this in my life because it was announced that Kamala's economy is like in a depression. The worst numbers I've ever seen. The worst numbers in many, many, many years. Kamala's economy added only 12,000 jobs. I've never heard of that before. Just by normal growth, you add 100 or 150.
And for years, we've been looking -- for many years, for decades, 200-, 250,000. So, yesterday, it was announced that they added only 12,000. It's the lowest number in many years, but that's the good part. That's the good part for them because we lost nearly 30,000 private sector jobs, along with nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs in one month.
This is not recession stuff. This is depression. I hate to tell you that. Under Kamala's catastrophic agenda and Crooked Joe -- but I don't even know. Is he still around? What the hell? You know, in all fairness to him, you might have noticed, I'm not a big fan. But he was running. I spent $150 million trying to defeat this guy.
We spent -- think of it. And we were doing well. We had the debate. He didn't do great, but he did fine. We had the debate, and his numbers weren't great. And they walked into him, and they said, "We want you out." He said, "I'm not going to get out. I got 14 million votes. You didn't get anything." "We want you out, Joe. You're going out."
Think of what -- no. But think of the consequences of this. This is a guy who's the president. He won it in the primaries, whether you think he's great or horrible. It doesn't matter. He won it in the primaries, right? You know, they would look at me if that -- if we ever did that, they would say, "This is a threat to democracy."
Right? Everything I do, he's a threat to democracy. If I walk two feet over in the wrong -- he's a threat to -- these people are sick. Can you imagine if I walked into somebody, a president's office, said we want you out? But, you know, Crazy Nancy -- she's crazy as a bedbug. And I don't know. I think the attorney general -- maybe you could look at it.
You have a great attorney general. By the way, we just won a big -- we just want a big case to Mr. Attorney General. We just want a big case because our Republicans have to activate a little bit. So, did you know that Nancy Pelosi was a big investor in Visa? OK. A big -- hey, she started off with nothing, and now, she's worth $200 million.
Other than that, I think she's been quite honest. [Audience member calls out "She's not corrupt"] Her average pay was about $139,000 over those years. And now, she's worth 200 million, but she's quite an honest woman. But did you -- Mr. Attorney General, I think this is most important for you. I don't know.
Maybe you can -- maybe you can look at it. You know, you touched that little Washington area a little bit, so maybe you can look at it. So, she's a big investor in Visa, right? Big. I mean, you know, she's got plenty of money, plenty of cash, and not a good woman. A bad woman. Bad woman -- I think she hates our country actually.
When she impeached me knowing that I did nothing wrong, I said, "That's a bad woman." Bad -- but she had Visa stock. She had Visa, big position of Visa, Mr. Attorney General. And guess what happened. She sold her whole stake. And then the following morning, the department of injustice announced that we're doing a major investigation of Visa and the stock.
So, I don't know. Maybe it's coincidence, Mr. Attorney General. But think of it. She has -- she has Visa stock. She sells. And the following month, sold all of it. She had it for years, and the following morning, they announce a major, major investigation into Visa. You know what happened to that stock? It wasn't a pretty thing.
So, we'll check that out. I think -- I hope that he checks that out. Because, you know, what, she's a crook. And she's been doing that for years. She's been doing that crap for years. You ought to look at her. Under Kamala's catastrophic agenda, more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs -- this was just announced yesterday.
They've been wiped out since just the start of the year. These are prime jobs. These are manufacturing jobs. These are the -- the best jobs. A hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls. Can you imagine? This stuff is just all coming out. Remember, 818,000 jobs, two months, ago were fake.
They put them in. It was going to be through the election. They put in 818,000 fake jobs, and they were going to announce and revise -- biggest number ever. They were going to revise the numbers right after the election. These are crooks, OK? And fortunately, there was a whistleblower that couldn't stand it.
And he blew the whistle, and we learned. And now, yesterday with these numbers, we learned a revision down also of an extra 112,000 jobs. These are big numbers. You know, normally, it's like 2,000 jobs, 4,000 jobs. It's almost a million jobs that were fake. These are fake jobs. That's why they call them Crooked Joe, I guess, right? Crooked Joe Biden.
And so, all of these jobs and all of it was going to be announced right after the election. Could you imagine? You run in the election, you lose, and then they announce that they just screwed you for a million jobs in order to look better. And this is what we're dealing with in our country. This is what we're dealing with.
Eight hundred and eighteen thousand plus 112 -- nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force this month. How about that? That's like a depression. I never wanted to be Herbert Hoover, honestly. They say, "Who's your favorite president?" I give them names. And I do like Ronald Reagan, right? I liked him.
But they say, "Who's your favorite president?" I tell you, he could have been a little tougher on trade. Frankly, I would have liked him even better if he was tougher because we are tough. You know, China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs. No other president got 10 cents from China.
Hundreds of -- hundreds of billions of dollars. [Applause] But I always said I don't want to be Herbert Hoover. I refuse to be Herbert Hoover. That was a bad one. He was the president, and we had the Great Depression. You could end up with a Great Depression right now, the way that's going. Nobody can believe the numbers.
Nobody -- everyone was shocked. I was shocked. I heard it, and I said, "Oh, let me..." You know, TiVo, one of the greatest inventions in history, right, TiVo or its equivalent. Now, they're going to use me in a damn ad. I got to be careful. You cannot use that for ad purposes. No, TiVo or its equivalent.
You know, you just play it back. I said, "Oh, I must have misunderstood it. Twelve thousand and we lost hundreds of thousands of jobs. We cannot take four more years of these incompetent people running our country. And a statistic that's really terrible is 100 percent of all net job gains in the past year -- in other words, all of the gains, you know, where it went? To migrants, 100 percent of the gains. [Inaudible]
[Audience boos] And the other stat that you have to see -- and if you are an African American, you're not going to be happy with these numbers. But African American jobs have been decimated by the people that are coming into our country illegally. And they refuse to give the numbers, the fake news. Look at all of that fake news.
That's a lot. That's a lot. [Audience boos] They must have heard that your governor is going to be here. He has done a job. He's not going to take it easily because, think of it, the numbers are so bad. They came in, and they come in illegally. And many are murderers, drug dealers, and criminals of all kinds.
You know, the crime rate in Venezuela and other places where they come -- they come from all over the world. But the crime rates in many of these countries, all of the countries, is way down because they are giving us their criminals. They're bringing them into our country. But for African Americans, the job numbers are horrific, and they're not going to be announced until right after the election.
I think people should demand because I heard numbers that are so bad. And Hispanic Americans, great Hispanic Americans -- I just had a poll. Can you believe it? I'm leading the Democrats with Hispanics. That wasn't supposed to happen. You think that's shaking them up a little bit? That's -- that's not a number that was supposed to happen, but it does happen.
Because they're great people and they know I know it. They're entrepreneurial. They're hardworking. And in many ways -- I've faced them many times -- they're brutal. They can be brutal. They're unbelievable. But you know what, they're starting to be affected, too. But the African American population of this country is being decimated by the hundreds of thousands of people that just keep pouring through the open borders of stupid Kamala.
And you know what, they should announce those numbers right now because -- before the election because you won't have one Black person that votes for Kamala. You won't have one because when you see those numbers, you're going to know exactly what I'm talking about. That's just like they didn't want to announce these other numbers, but they had the whistleblower.
Maybe there's going to be a whistleblower for what's happened to the job markets for hardworking, wonderful Black people that have had jobs -- that have had jobs for years, for 20 years. And -- and they have houses with mortgages on them and everything else, and what the hell is going to happen to them? So, you ought to take a good look at what they're doing because they're holding those numbers because they want to get the election over with.
And I don't think it's going to matter. I think we're going to win anyway, but -- but -- [Applause] But you ought to take a look at those -- at those numbers. It's a -- it's a terrible -- it's -- honestly, it's a terrible thing. I stand before you today as the only candidate who can rescue our economy -- and I mean from obliteration -- and restore it to strength, prosperity, and greatness.
Again, I will do a real job for you. I'm going to work my ass off for you. [Applause] And I didn't need this. I didn't need to be with you today. I could have been at a gorgeous beach in lots of places. I own some of the most beautiful beaches. I could have had that salt water from the oceans. I like oceanfront property best.
I could have been standing on a beach, my beautiful white skin getting nice and tanned, being smacked -- being smacked in the face by a wave loaded up with salt -- salt water, and I could have said the hell with everything. I could have had the greatest life in the world, instead, I got missing a little piece of my ear. [Audience calls out "We love you."]
[Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. That's nice. That's nice. I like these people, Glenn. I tell you, I like these people. These are -- these are great people. These are great people. No, I could have been anywhere. I could have had the greatest life. I could have had everything: the best hotels, the best everything.
I could have had the life that nobody had. And you know what? If I had it to do again, I want to be right here with you. We're going to make our country great again. We're going to make our country great again. Nobody else can do that. No, we're going to make our country great. I wouldn't switch. A lot of people have said, if you had it to do again -- you know, I've been abused.
I've had -- always, it was Andrew Jackson, president. He was a great general and a very good president. And he was considered to have been the worst abused of our presidents. And second was Abraham Lincoln. Have you heard of him? And he was abused, too. But, you know, in all fairness, he was in a Civil War, so I guess, you know, things like that happen.
But I think now, I've gone to the top of the list, and I am so honored because we're exposing some very bad, bad sick people. We're exposing them. But a lot of people ask, "If you had it to do again, would you do it?" I said, "I wouldn't even think about it." This is the greatest thing. This is the greatest political movement in the history of our country without question, probably in the history of the world.
And remember this: for everybody, if you're thinking about like sitting down to watching some stuff like a stupid football game or something, remember this. If we win this election, it will go down -- and you're a big part of it. You're a part of it equal to me as far as I'm concerned. If we win this election, it will go down as the greatest political event in the history of our country. [Applause]
All right. If my opponent knew how to fix the economy, it would already be fixed, right? Why didn't she do it? You ever see when she gets up and she's -- we're going to do the -- today, she had a new thing. "When I get to office, I'm going to [Inaudible] three, four months." Do it now. What's wrong with -- she says, "Wen I get to office..."
She -- she gives the worst news conferences I've ever seen, and they're the shortest, too. They last for about like two questions. No, but she never does anything. If Kamala wins, you're three days away from the start of a 1929-style economic depression. You are. I mean it. [Audience boos] And if I win, you're three days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, the brightest economic future that the world has ever seen.
Kamala's inflation nightmare has cost the typical American family $30,000. And you know what they did? They screwed up my energy policies, and they spent money at levels that nobody's ever seen before, I will say. And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise your taxes by more than $3,000 a year.
Congratulations, Virginia. You know, I've watched politics all my life and stuff, and I've been involved now in it for longer than I would have even thought because I never thought I was going to run for office. I never thought I was going to run, and then one day, I looked at how -- how stupid everything was.
Because we are now -- you know, we're really -- it's not like conservative, liberal. They like to call themselves progressive. So, I call them liberal, specifically for that reason. But, you know, it's not like progressive or conservative. We are the party of common sense, right? We need borders. We need walls.
I built over 500 miles of wall. Walls work. Two things work. What are they? Walls and wheels. Everything else is obsolete in about 15 minutes. They come up, "Sir, I have a new computer. Look at this." Oh, I say, "That's beautiful." You get it. In about three weeks later, it's obsolete. Speaking of computers and brilliant people, Elon Musk, how good is he? [Applause] You know, he's right now campaigning.
He put that big 22-story rocket right in place and locked in. I said, "What the hell is going on?" I saw it take off. It was a beautiful white. I saw it landing. It was all burned to a crisp. Well, that's what you get when you travel at 10,000 miles an hour, I guess. They tell me the metal gets a little bit hot.
It sort of burns the hell out of the paint, but he -- he did something because I've never -- he's a friend of mine, but he gave us the greatest endorsement that you've ever heard. He said our country -- "If Trump doesn't win, our country is not going to make it." We also got a great endorsement, the best, from the Border Patrol.
They gave us -- they said, "He's the greatest president that we've ever had." I said, "Does that include George Washington and Abraham Lincoln?" "Yes, sir, it does." I said, "That's OK. I'll take it." You can't -- one guy got up and said, "Sir, you're the greatest president in my lifetime." He's about 40 years old.
I said, "That's not that good." I like the one with Lincoln and Washington better. But no, the Border Patrol went and they gave us -- gave me -- us. He gave us. They didn't just give me. We -- we're on the same mindset. It's really -- I view it as us actually more than I do me. But they gave us the best endorsement you've ever seen, and they said she is incapable -- incapable of doing anything.
You know, for four years, she's been in charge of the border. Almost, we're getting very close. I said how many times -- in front of a whole big room just like this, I said, "How many times did she call you?" Ten Border Patrol people, the top guys, all of them want to -- we got a unanimous endorsement from thousands of Border Patrol, and they're great people.
They're great. They want to do their job. I said, how many times -- "How many times did she call you over the four years." She never called. [Off-mic] OK. This was not exactly -- I don't consider that a trip. This was a trip that a lot of the young guys over there with those beautiful girlfriends would like to take their girlfriend there for dinner, but you wouldn't want to go about 15 miles left of that.
But she never called them once, and she never visited the border once. And she was in charge because Joe Biden appointed her. Now, she said, "I'm not the border czar." But she just started saying that because the numbers are so bad, but she was in charge of the border. She never called Border Patrol one time -- think of that -- not one time.
Never called them one time; never visited one time. And to me, it's the single greatest threat to our nation, far greater than those horrible numbers I just read out. Far greater than inflation or the economy because you're killing the fabric of our country. You're loading our country up with criminals and people from mental institutions.
And no country can take it. So, I want to thank the Border Patrol. I want to thank ICE. I want to thank all. But Elon -- see, I weave. You know, this is a weave. It's all -- and it always comes back. They used to say, "He's rambling." Now, they say, "He's a genius." It's a weave. See the way? And [Off-mic] and he felt it was more important.
And he sends his regards, but he gave us the most beautiful -- but I said -- I watched this thing going, and I told the story. You might have heard it. Two nights ago, I'm on the phone with a very important guy. It wasn't Glenn. It wasn't your attorney general or your lieutenant governor because I wouldn't do that to them.
But this guy was very, very -- like one of the most important guys. And I'm watching the screen of the television, and I'm on the phone. And I say, "Could you hold on a minute? I'm seeing something here that I don't believe." That was the 22-story rocket ship coming down. And I wasn't sure if it was a science fiction movie.
I'm watching. I never saw this before. And I said, "Do you mind holding for a second? Thank you very much." I put the phone down, and I turned up the sound. And I said, "Man." I said, "That's unbelievable." The bad part, by the way, I never picked the phone up again. And, you know, the really sad thing, he's so important.
He's such a big guy, but because I was president, but maybe more importantly because I'm the leading candidate. [Applause] Because I'm the leading candidate, the poor guy never hung up. He just -- he -- 45 minutes later, I picked up the phone. "Hello? Are you still..." And, you know, your press is so bad.
They'll say, "See, he's cognitively impaired." No, no. I'll let you know when that day happens. It's not going to happen for a long time. [Applause] And isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't have to look at teleprompters? I haven't looked at these suckers in the last [Inaudible]. And I think you'd be bored stiff.
You'd be bored if I look into this thing. But as I'm watching this rocket come down, and it's coming down, and it's going to come down. I'm looking at it and said, "How big is that sucker?" Twenty-two stories. Twenty-two stories, and it's coming. And I said, "Oh, no, it's going to hit the gantry." You saw that? The bottom part was swinging left and the gantry that cost billions of dollars, and it's going to hit -- oh, it's going to crash.
I didn't even know it was [Inaudible] I just said, "This thing is unbelievable." And then all of a sudden, you see fire and flame come pouring out of the bottom and [Inaudible] just on the left side. And then you see it pushing over. And then it comes down slowly, boom. Inches from perfection. And then you see those arms like you grab your beautiful baby, your beautiful child.
See? In the old days, I would have said, "Like you grab your girlfriend." Now, I don't say that anymore. I say, "Like you grab your child." And those big arms came in, and they grabbed that sucker, and they held it in place like you grabbed your child. [Off-mic] the thing landed. You know, it's nice to be president -- or at least leading candidate, too, because I called him and he picked up immediately.
If I wasn't there, I think I would have gotten a call back about three days later, maybe. But he picked up the phone. I said, "Was that you, Elon?" "Yeah." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No. They won't be able to do it for many years." I said, "What about China?" "Nope, they won't be able to do it for you."
What about the US other than you? "Nope, they won't be able. They don't have the technology." How good is this guy, right? Right? Pretty good, right? Oh -- oh, shit. Look. I'm looking at the back of my head. What the hell? I don't like -- I look over at Youngkin; now, I look up there, I see I'm having a bad hair day.
This is not good. I have to have a bad hair day in front of Virginia? That's not good. Well, at least it's a nice picture. No. How good is it? But -- and just to finish with Elon. So, I went down to North Carolina right after the hurricane. We couldn't go -- I didn't want to go -- I wanted to let people -- you know, FEMA has totally let them down.
FEMA -- you know why? Because they spent all their money on illegal migrants. They spent like almost $1 billion. They don't have any money. And we'll take care of it, but they don't have any money. It's a horrible thing. North Carolina got hit hard. And one of the officials in North Carolina said, "Sir, do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "Yeah. Why?"
He said, "Yeah, didn't he just endorse you?" I said, "He did. He's great. Why?" He said, "Well, they have something called Starlink." And North Carolina has literally been cut off from the mainland. We have rivers where we never saw water before. And we literally have rivers -- and people are dead and people are missing.
And we have no communication to -- now, they're calling it the mainland. Before, it was part of the mainland. You had to see it. I was there shortly after, actually on the side. I've never seen anything like it, the devastation. Massive trees are just ripped out like they're toothpicks. And houses, the foundations are pulled out, everything's pulled out.
I've never seen anything like it. And why, too, you know, a hurricane goes this way and narrow. But this thing was just like a hurricane, but it was, you know, hundreds of miles wide. But the worst section -- and I said, "Why? What do you need with Elon?" He said, "He has something called Starlink." I said, "Well..."
I said, "What do you want?" He said, "We desperately need it in North Carolina because we have no communication and people are dying and went missing." And it's a disaster. We have -- "Because all the poles were ripped down, the wires are all lying all over the ground dangerously." I said, "Well, I'll get him. And what do you need?"
He said, "We need Starlink as much as we can have." I didn't know what the hell it was. I said, "Elon..." I called up Elon. "Elon, I'm in North Carolina." They desperately need and so they need in Georgia a little bit, but they needed a lot in North -- it got hit hard. That was like center. And I said, we needed -- "We need Starlink."
He said -- I told him. I said, "I don't know what the hell it is, but that's all they want, the Starlink." And he said, "So, you know, if you could, would you get as much as you can?" And I gave him the guy's number. In the meantime, I get a notice from the guy. I'm still talking to Elon. I get a notice, "President Trump, thank you so much. The Starlink will be arriving tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock."
And I'm still on the phone. No, no. But here's -- the point is I wasn't even off the phone. So, I'm talking to him, and I say, "Elon, I just got a notice that Starlink is going to be arriving. But I'm talking to you on the phone. How the hell did you do that?" He said, "Well, I have a very unusual way of communicating."
I mean, I don't -- "I don't have to waste a lot of time on small talk," he tells me. I said, "That's good." No, think of it. Is that the coolest story though? So, anyway, they got the Starlink, and it has been -- it was a lifesaver. I mean, they got a -- great guy. We need our brilliant people. And another brilliant person -- you know, and this is not easy for him because they've been Democrats for about 5,000 years.
RFK Jr., right? [Applause] Bobby is a great guy. I was with him last night, and we did a thing together. And Tucker Carlson did an interview with me. And it was great. And Joe Rogan did an interview. That was great. Good -- good people. They're great people. They're great people. Smart people like -- we need our smart people.
We have to protect our smart people, don't we? But Bobby's going to be working on the food and the pesticides and all of the things to make it healthy. [Applause] And I told him yesterday. I was with him in the plane. I told him, "Bobby, look, here's the story. You can work on food. You can work on anything you want."
He wants health. He wants women's health. He wants men's health. He wants kids. He wants everything. And I said, "Here's what you can't touch, Bobby. You can't touch our liquid gold. I'm handling that." We got more than anybody. And, Bobby, we cannot -- that's the only thing, Bobby. You got to leave that to me.
We're going to make so much money. We're going to pay off debt, reduce your -- we got more liquid gold than Russia, Saudi Arabia, Bobby. So, have fun with pesticides, but the liquid gold, you have to leave with me. We'll do very well. Nice, clean energy. We're going to give you so much energy. But we have a lot of people.
We have all these endorsements. Tulsi came in. She actually just turned Republican, Tulsi Gabbard. We have -- oh, Brett Favre. How about Brett? No. How nice was that? I was in Wisconsin. Brett Favre, he's a great guy. He has a hand, but he was a great guy. But that was a big one yesterday. That was something that was really nice.
Hard for athletes to do it, as I said. But I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have something called no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security for our great seniors. [Applause] And to lift up American families, I will protect and expand the Child Tax Credit that we already created.
And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one. Do you know they're not spoken about angel moms and angel wives. A lot of great people. But, you know, that if we didn't -- if they didn't exist, they'd take care of their son who may be horribly, horrifically wounded in a accident or in war -- that if we didn't have these angels -- I call them angels.
They're all angels. If we didn't have these people, you could build your hospital system three times bigger and it wouldn't be big enough. The money that they save us and the incredible credit that they give -- the care that they can give is something that's unbelievable. And I just think, you know, we have to acknowledge it, so we're going to do a nice big credit for them.
And they didn't even ask for it. They didn't ask for it. They don't ask for anything. You know, they don't ask. A lot of people ask. Everybody asks for everything. Everybody wants -- they want, want, want. They didn't want. They just want to take care of their -- their beautiful baby. The baby may be 45 years old, maybe 40.
To them, it's their baby. They want to take care of their baby. I mean, think of that, how incredible -- and you could never give that kind of care in a hospital. I don't care what hospital you're talking about. You could never do what they do. But you'd have to triple your hospitals, and you wouldn't be able to do that, and it could never be what they -- what they give.
So, it's pretty amazing. So, we're going to take care of them, right? It's going to be good. We got so much -- we got so much -- we have so much liquid gold. We'll just take a little bit of extra. Think of it -- think of it, more than Saudi Arabia. And, you know, I had approved, and then Biden ended it, ANWR.
ANWR is the biggest find. It's in Alaska. The biggest -- everybody -- every president for years -- Ronald Reagan couldn't get it done. Nobody could get it done. They all tried. I got it done, all set. This guy gets in -- he gets in, and he terminated it. Like immediately, he terminated it. But we're going to get that going.
That would supply all of Asia. It would supply all parts of Europe. It would be -- we would make so much money. We have such great wealth. We have -- but we have to use it. We don't need to buy our oil from Venezuela. Can you believe it? To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill.
We're going to be drilling. We are going to be drilling. And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months, 50 percent. Twelve months from January 20th -- that's when we assume the office of president, assuming we win. We got to win. You've got to get out. You've got to vote. Crazier things have happened.
You've got to get out and vote. Otherwise, we're -- we didn't win anything yet. All we're doing is we have a nice lead. We're heading down -- we're heading down the homestretch, but you've got to get out. You've got to vote. You've got to bring everybody you know, just make it -- and by the way, the bigger the victory, the more it looks like we can do the kind of things we want so.
.. And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. We're going to restore them. You know, we had the safest borders. And would you drop -- if you have it, drop my all-time favorite chart. I love this chart. I love this chart. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for this chart. Where the hell -- I love it.
I go to sleep with it every night. I hug it, and I kiss it. My wife says, "What the hell are you doing with that damn chart?" No, if I didn't turn to the right, I wouldn't be talking to you right now. I go, bing. That chart was over there. It's always on my left. Tonight, it's on my right. But it's always on my left, and it's usually at the very end, not the beginning.
And it was like in the first paragraph, first sentence. And I said, "Let me see the chart." I was talking about how well we did with illegal immigration. And that was what came down. I looked to the right. If I didn't look to the right, I wouldn't be looking at you all right now. So, it was pretty amazing.
So, I love that chart, but -- but -- so, if you look at the arrow on the bottom, that's when I left -- that was the day I left office. That was the lowest in the history of the border, illegal immigration. That was the lowest point. We had the border fixed. It was so good. All this stupid person had to do is leave it the way it was.
We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come into the country. We had catch and release into Mexico, not into the US. We had everything perfect, and then they decided to just blow everything up. It was so sad. Do you think it was easy to get Remain in Mexico for Mexico? Not that easy. Although, they were nasty, but I was much more nasty.
And they agreed. Tijuana was probably the fastest-growing town in the history of the world. Tijuana was growing at levels that nobody's ever seen anything growing. It was all in Mexico. They couldn't -- and by the way, they couldn't get by, you know why? Because I built the wall. That's right. But that chart tells you.
And look what happened as soon as I left. It looks like an Elon Musk rocket ship. Look at that. It went from the best numbers in history to the worst numbers in history. And all of those criminals started pouring in. There were criminals; massive numbers of criminals. And I said that was going to happen.
I know all the guys that head all those countries. But it's much more than South America. It's from all over the world. But I know all those guys. They're very smart. They're very street-smart. They're very savvy. They're like your governor. They're savvy. He's a savvy guy. You know, he has that nice way.
Hey, how are you doing? Hi, I'm Glenn. Hi, hi. He's a killer. OK. I say that affectionately. "Hi, I'm Glenn. Hello, everybody." Nice guy. Oh, he's a killer. OK, trust me. You know that's a compliment. He understands that's a compliment. But it is. He's smart. But they're smart people. And they are; they're streetwise.
I said, "If you have an open borders policy, every country in the world is going to drop their prisoners into our country." And that's what happened. They're criminals. They're gang members. They're drug dealers. They're terrorists. They're all in here. You know, I had in 2019 -- I don't even believe this number.
Border patrol numbers: they had zero terrorists, zero. The next year, they had 11. My years, two of my years, two of my four years, this is after I got it really fixed and really good. Think of it, 11. That's not a lot. It's -- it's dangerous, but it's not a lot. But they actually had zero. I don't even believe that.
I don't -- I think somebody had it, but they had it at zero. Now, you look at it, they come in by the thousands. The worst -- the worst terrorist in the world are in our country from the Middle East, from all over. And nothing good is going to happen here. Nothing good is going to happen. These people are so -- what they've done to our country is unthinkable.
It's the single-biggest problem that we have, and we're going to fix this problem, and we're going to fix it fast. Thank you. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people. She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums and mental institutions.
You know who comes from the insane asylums? You know who it is, right? They always give me a hard time. Hannibal Lecter. The great Hannibal Lecter. You know, the press, to show you how bad they are, I'm talking about insane asylums and then I'm talking about Hannibal Lecter, a little lighthearted humor about a very unfunny subject.
And they always go, "He always brings up Hannibal Lecter. What does that have to do?" It has to do with the fact that these are the kind of people coming into our country from insane asylums. That's what it has to do. They always say, "Oh, he's -- he's rambling." But now, most of them realize that it's the weave, and nobody else can do a weave like Trump.
No. Joe Rogan said it the other day. We did a great interview. He's a great guy. And I started talking about something, and then I went to another very pertinent subject, but it was, you know, related barely. Bing then bing, bing, bing. And he goes, "That's brilliant. That's the weave, isn't it?" I said, "That's the weave, Joe."
But they come from Venezuela to the Congo, and they're stealing countless of American lives. I mean, they're stealing American lives. In other words, they're just killing people. These are violent people. The only thing good is they make our criminals look like nice people. These are killers, and they're just killers.
You know all about MS-13. You have an MS-13 problem. I'm going to work with your governor, and we're going to get MS-13 out of Virginia within one month. One month. [Applause] And you know what? She wants to defund ICE. Think of that. She wants to defund. If we didn't have ICE, I couldn't make that promise.
I'll get them down here in force. They're going to clean out this state, and we're going to get them the hell out of here in one month. [Applause] But today, I want to hear directly from a mother. And I'd like you to just listen because this is a such a sad thing. This is brand new from a couple of days ago.
And the people that -- I was in a room of people when they first put the tape on because you have a lot to choose from. There's so much crime and so much horrible crime with the migrant crime. I call it migrant crime. And we saw that, and I had some of the toughest people. And like 75 percent of them were absolutely crying all over the place.
These are men that probably haven't cried since they were a baby. Maybe they didn't cry even then. And they're crying all over the place. But I'd like you to take a look at this. And it's so unnecessary it should have never happened. Please. Thank you.
So sad. So unnecessary. Would have never happened if you had like the chart shows you. It would have never happened. What a sad, sad situation. Here today is another American mom, Tammy Nobles and her wonderful husband, Jeremiah. Two years ago, Tammy's 20-year-old daughter, Kayla, was found raped, tied up, and strangled to death with a telephone cord in her home in Maryland.
Kayla's murderer was an illegal alien, MS-13 gang member who was apprehended by Border Patrol. But under the policy of Kamala Harris, he was released into the United States to kill and kill at will. Tammy, please come up. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you, darling.
We're going to help you out.
[Off-mic] Thank you very much, Tammy. So many -- [Audience member calls out, inaudibly]
So many sad -- well, we're going to -- we're going to do that. So many stories like that. It's -- you go -- go on all day, all night forever. And this is just the beginning. You haven't seen anything. These people, they don't do anything. They -- they're oblivious to it. They don't even treat the people that have been so badly hurt.
They don't even call them. They don't talk to them. They couldn't care less. It's incredible actually. I don't get it. Nobody gets it. But we will hold Kayla's memory in our hearts forever. It's a story like so many other stories. [Applause] And many different forms of crime. There's gang crime taking place.
There's crime that we've never seen. There's some crimes that we've never seen anything like it. They run over people in the sidewalk for sport -- for sport. See that guy? I'll run him over. Watch. These people are sick. We just can't -- we can't have a country like this. When you vote on Tuesday, vote in honor of Kayla and Jocelyn and Laken Riley and Rachel Morin and every American who has been stolen from us by Kamala's open border.
The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins -- [Applause] because the United States is now an occupied country. Think of this. Think of this. We're the United States. We're an occupied country. This is all over. This is in small towns. Look at our beautiful Ohio.
We have Springfield where they dropped 30,000 illegal migrants into a 50,000-person town. Think of it. Now, just think of it. But it will be an occupied country. We will not have this no longer and that's going to -- that's going to happen very soon. We're going to get them the hell out of here and fast. [Applause]
Look at Aurora in Colorado. You have a governor, unlike your governor, he's a radical left. He's a lunatic. He's petrified because you have one of the toughest gangs in the world there, and they're taking over large swaths of Aurora and other places in Colorado and all over the country. November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America.
It's going to be liberation. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program of criminals in the history of America. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered, and we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of their country -- we're going to get them out of our country.
And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua -- this is said to be the most vicious gang anywhere in the world, although I think MS-13 gives it an awfully good shot -- and other of these savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. And think how far back we had to go because they ran a little different country.
They ran it a little bit -- a little bit tougher then. We had to go back to 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. [Applause] And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]
And we are going to protect our law enforcement officers as they protect us. They protect us, and we're going to protect them. We're going to protect them. And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. And despite all of the damage that Kamala has caused, she has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.
That's us. She compares us. Then Sleepy Joe Biden called our supporters garbage -- called you, me, all of us garbage. We're garbage. And then he tried to get out of it. Did you see he wanted to change the transcripts? Can you imagine. It's like "60 Minutes." It's like -- he reminds me of "60 Minutes."
Let's change their answers. You ever see that one before? [Audience responds affirmatively] She gave a bad answer. They took the answer out, and they put another answer in. They haven't done that for me. But because I think it will make you happy, I'll tell you right now. We just sued them yesterday for a lot of money because we consider it to be, Mr.
Attorney General, election interference, fraud. We have a good case. My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. You can't. They don't love America. And you can't be president if you hate the American people. Everything Kamala says is a lie. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another.
But the only way to stop the lies is to swamp them with the votes we're going to swamp them like they haven't been swamped before. Kamala has no vision, no ideas, and no solutions. All she can talk about is Donald Trump. Can you believe it?
That was the other night. That was two nights ago. She's supposed to be talking about economic development, which she knows nothing about. She kept saying Donald Trump. She's crazy. She has got a massive and untreatable case of Trump derangement syndrome. There are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure.
If Kamala can't handle an interview with Joe Rogan, then she can't handle the presidency of the United States. Can she? She will get completely overwhelmed, meltdown, and millions of people will die. No, we can't have this. It's not a charity event running for president or being president. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job in the history of the world.
There's no job tougher, bigger, more important. We can change the whole world and for the positive -- for the positive. Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and ineffective person in the White House? [Audience responds "No"] Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a mere child? [Audience responds "No"] And would you trust Kamala Harris to talk Russia or China out of a war? I don't think so. [Audience responds "No"]
In fact, they tried that. You know, three days before Russia invaded Ukraine, right, they tried it. She went and she met with a lot of people. And right after she came back, they invaded. Good job, Kamala. Would have never happened if I was president. Would have never happened. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak and incompetent person with an extremely low IQ.
At the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of the United States of America? [Audience responds "No"] On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden. Think of this. You know, right track, wrong track? She's wrong track almost 90 percent of the time, the both of them, and yet she says nothing different. Please take a look.
Nothing comes to mind. Nothing comes to mind. That's true in our case, nothing and it never will. If you want to end this disaster, this horrible trip that we're on, get out and vote. Tuesday, just get out and vote. So, we're pleased to be joined by a wonderful guy. And with this name, I really believe he's going to win for the Senate.
Hung Cao. Do you know who Hung Cao is? [Applause] Where is he? Come here. Come here. You're doing a great job. You're doing a great job.
Thank you very much. He's going to do well. And you've got to get out vote for him. It's a big deal, too. That would be a big one, and he deserves it. A great hero. You know, he's a great hero, great military hero. A man who's also a hero in my book -- a man who's done a spectacular job running your beautiful Virginia.
He's done a beautiful job. He's -- you know, I called him about this. I think. "Do you think we should do it? What do you think?" He said, "I'm telling you, we can win." And he's worked so hard on this event. We spoke many, many times. Glenn, didn't we? Many, many times, and I just want to thank you.
And I know you spoke before, but if you'd like to come up and say a couple of seconds or you could just stay where the hell you are, Glenn. Come on up. Come on. [Applause]
Thank you, Glenn. You got a great governor. You have a great governor and a great guy. Thank you very much. Also with us, Lieutenant Governor Winsome Sears. Lieutenant Governor, thank you very much. Great honor to have you. Thank you very much. Your attorney general, Jason. Where's Jason? What a job, Jason.
What a job you're doing. [Applause] Thank you, Jason. Good job. Good victory we had, too, huh? Had a big victory on the voting. That was at the Supreme Court. That was a good victory. Wow. Also members of Congress, friends of mine, warriors who are always fighting and winning. We win a lot in Congress.
Ben Cline and Morgan Griffith. Thank you very much. [Applause] And Congressional candidate, John McGuire. John. Thank you very much, John. Good luck. [Applause] And a special guy who's really doing a job, Rich Anderson, Virginia GOP chairman. Thank you. Thank you, Rich. Good job. [Applause] What do you think, Rich? We're going to make it? You're going to win here, huh? You better work.
We got to -- good job. Thank you, Rich, very much. And we have -- RNC Chair Michael Whatley is here. Michael Whatley. What a job he did. He's doing a job. Thank you, Michael. You know, Michael was the head of the GOP in a place called North Carolina, and we won it easily. And there was no theft. He had 601 lawyers working.
I said, "That's the guy I like for this." And I said, "You don't have to worry about the votes. Just worry about the theft." And that's all I had because we had -- I got plenty of votes. We got so many votes, but we need -- we want more. Michael, say hello, please. Just raise that beautiful hand. Thank you very much.
He's doing a great job. [Applause] And one of the greatest entrepreneurs in America, Mr. Steve Witkoff. He's a great gentleman. Thank you, Steve, wherever you may be. Thank you, Steve, most generous guy. [Applause] But here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders himself -- even worse than Pocahontas, I would say.
Kamala destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. Anybody that wants even defund the police for one day, one second is not worthy of being president of the United States. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership.
She wants to confiscate. She will confiscate your guns. Would anybody in the room or anybody outside -- you have 25,000 people outside. I wish I could show them. Can we show them? Is there a way because they are outside and -- I mean, they are the greatest people. We've got 25,000. Is there anybody here that would like to give up their gun to Kamala? [Audience responds "No"] She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
And perhaps worst of all, she never worked at McDonald's. Can you believe it? A liar. She's a liar. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Virginia.
We're going to get them here for you, Glenn. You're going to have so many factories, you're going to say, "Please, Mr. President, we can't handle anymore. We have too many jobs." He's going to come to Washington with Hung. He's going to bring Hung Cao, and they're going to say, "We have to see the president."
And they're going to say, "Mr. President, Virginia cannot handle so much business. We cannot handle it. You're getting too many companies wanting to come in. It's too much." I'll say, "I'm sorry, Glenn. I want them to keep coming." Anyway, thank you, Glenn, for doing the job. This was a great thing here.
What a great job you did. This is really, really great. [Applause] We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American. And I will end the war in Ukraine, and I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened if I were president. And I will prevent World War III from happening.
We're going to prevent it. And we've never been so close to World War III. We have never ever been so close to -- with the Middle East all over the place. You know, the great leader of Hungary, Viktor Orban, he made a statement very recently. He says it a lot. They said, "What's happening with the world? It's blowing up in the Middle East. It's blowing up with Russia, Ukraine. Nobody knows what's happening. What's going on?"
He said, "Put Trump back as president. When he was president, there were no problems with the world." [Applause] We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect they so dearly deserve. And we will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our entire military, then we gave a nice chunk of it to Afghanistan.
How do you like that? What a horrible time. I think it was the lowest point in the history of our country, 13 dead soldiers. I got to know their parents and relatives a lot, really well. They wouldn't even call them. They've never gotten one call from Kamala or Crooked Joe. Never got a call. Think of it.
We left billions of dollars of equipment behind. They had a parade the other day. Wasn't that nice, showing our equipment that they got from the stupid American leader? They had a parade. Yeah, through their main boulevard, showing brand-new armored vehicles, brand-new tanks, brand-new goggles, you know? [Audience members call out "We love you, Trump"]
Thank you. [Applause] Thank you. What a nice group. Where is that group? Let me see. Stand up. Let me see. Whoa! We're going to get you a better seat next time. They're right at the top row. We will build a missile defense shield around our country. It's going to be made a lot of it right here in Virginia.
It's going to be made in the USA. We're going to rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech. And I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are going to build up our nation, defend our borders, and protect our lands and our citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation. Once again, everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and our beautiful American dream.
We're going to have our American dream back very soon. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. You have to get out and vote. That's all you have to do. I'm one of the few politicians that comes up -- can you believe I'm calling myself a politician? I never -- I just realized that's a terrible thing to say.
But I'm one of the few politicians that -- I don't want your money. I don't want anything. I just want that vote. You've got to get out and vote. I don't want your money. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. We have. Very, very evil people and forces.
With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. It belongs to you and you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. And three days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. They will be great years, and we're starting from so far behind, but they will be great years. With your help from now until Election Day, four days, even less, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.
We are one family, one people, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. Thank you. We will win, win, win. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much.
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. [Audience calls out "Great again"]
Thank you, Virginia. Thank you very much. Thank you. God bless you all. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you, Virginia. [Applause]
Well, thank you very much, and a very special hello to Arizona. Thank you very much. Thank you. And I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of very, very hardworking American patriots. Thank you very much, everybody. So, as you know, early voting, we're finally here. We're just -- oh, we can't take this any longer.
We don't like incompetent people, do we? We don't like incompetent. These people are grossly incompetent. They're going to be changed. We have no choice. We have to change them, and we have to change them on November 5th -- going to be the most important day in the history of our country. I believe that, too.
Early voting is underway here in Arizona, and we're doing great in Arizona. I don't know if you've been hearing, they got a problem. They got a problem. We've got to make it too big to rig. Too big to rig, right? But if you want, vote by mail tomorrow. It's your last day to request a ballot, but you can cast your early vote in person all the way through November 1st.
Or you can vote on Election Day, which is to -- just get out and vote. You got to go vote. We got to save it. We have a -- we call it a nation in decline. We're being nice when we say that. With your help, 12 days from now, we're going to win Arizona. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris. [Applause] And we're going to make America great again.
That's what we're going to do. Over the past four years, Kamala Harris has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people. She has eradicated our sovereign border, and she has unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against our citizens.
And my message today is very simple: Kamala's migrant invasion given to us through gross incompetence disqualifies her from even thinking about being president. We can't let that happen. No person who is responsible for so much bloodshed and death on our soil can ever be allowed to become the president of the United States.
What she's done and he's done -- Crooked Joe and Kamala, what a combination. Worst combination in the history of our country. And they've weaponized your government. They're a disgrace to our country. Four years ago, we had the strongest, safest, and most secure border in US history with the lowest level of illegal immigration ever achieved.
Four years ago. Put up the chart. Go ahead, put it up. My favorite chart. [Applause] That was the lowest -- that was the day I left office. We -- we did great in 2016. We got millions more votes in 2020, but that's the way it goes. But this is our big -- this is bigger than anything. This is going to be the biggest and most important election ever.
It's going to be the biggest political event, I believe, in our country's history. We have to win, and we don't need it for the big political event. We need it to save our country. When Kamala came in, she deliberately dismantled our border and threw open the gates -- she threw them open -- the gates to an invasion of criminal migrants from prisons and jails from insane asylums and mental institutions from all over the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa.
A lot of people coming out of the Congo, not just South America. They're coming from 181 countries as of yesterday right in -- we're a dumping ground. We're like a -- we're like a garbage can for the world. That's what's happened. That's what's happened to her. We're like a garbage can. You know, it's the first time I've ever said that.
And every time I come up and talk about what they've done to our country, I get angrier and angrier. First time I've ever said garbage can. But you know what, it's a very accurate description. Meanwhile, she cruelly forced our border agents to help facilitate her wicked betrayal of America. And by the way, the Border Patrol, last week, gave us their complete and total endorsement, and they said she is the worst. [Applause]
I want to thank them. And they -- at the same time, they said she is so bad. She's the worst. You can't have her. And they don't want to do that. It's probably not easy for them to do that. But you know what, they said she's horrible. She was the border czar, and she never made one phone call. Not only didn't she come to the border, she never made a phone call.
And now, a few months ago when her -- she was getting killed, both of them, him and her, they were getting killed. They made it a little bit tougher, but they forgot to stop the airplanes going overhead. We said, "How come those planes are still flying?" Hundreds of thousands of people flown into our country, landing in our beautiful Midwest and other places.
And they're devastated. You know what's happening to Springfield, Ohio and Aurora and Colorado. What they're doing to our country -- we are joined today by the former senior Border Patrol chief of the San Diego sector, Aaron Heitke, an eyewitness to one of the most horrific scandals in American history carried out by Kamala.
Well, she was appointed by this guy because he has to go to sleep every night at 4 o'clock. And she was appointed by him. And therefore, she was the border czar, but she doesn't want to be called -- so, who cares what she is? She was appointed to take care of our border. We had the worst border. And now -- and by the way, she also destroyed San Francisco, one of the greatest cities in the world 15, 16 years ago.
And California, when she was attorney general, a disaster between her and Gavin Newscum, is the worst. [Audience boos] But it's deadly. What they've done is deadly. The open border policy is a disaster. Aaron, please come up and say a few words. Border Patrol. [Applause] Thank you.
That's right.
Thank you, Aaron. And that's heartfelt, too. That's heartfelt. He just wants it to be straightened out along with the border. They're incredible people. Getting their endorsement was my great honor, but it says something. And we had unanimous -- thousands of people, unanimous. Who could ever get that? Because she's so bad.
She's so bad. She's -- I watched last night. I don't watch CNN often. It's fake news, but I watched last night. Now, they're -- they -- oops, their camera just went off. I watched last night, she did a town hall. Honestly, it was pathetic. It was pathetic. There's never been anything like that. We can't let it happen.
We can't -- that's why you have to get everyone saying how well we're doing, you still get out the people that haven't voted. Get out and vote. We can't take a chance. We can't take a chance on this disaster continuing because we won't have a country left if it does. The four-year long nightmare that Kamala Harris has forced your men to endure -- your men, your women, your children, it's a -- it's a nightmare for the whole planet, if you want to know the truth.
Because we represent so much. We represent the American dream. The whole world is watching us, and they see these people that -- that don't deserve to be in any position of authority. Remember, he got -- whether you like him or not -- I'm not a fan of his. Did you see last night? He blew it. He said, "Lock him up."
He would -- he said, "Lock him up" last night. He's not allowed to say that. He's such a stupid guy. Such a stupid fool. He's such a guy. What a -- but they actually -- remember, this -- this was the -- they took it away from him. They did something that's never happened. You know, you can use different words, but they just took away the presidency of the United States.
And they wanted to be politically correct. They gave it to her, and she was last. She was the first one out, and she came in. Out of the Top 13 contenders, she came in last, and they gave her the -- she had no votes. He got 14 million, whether you like this guy or not. And not too many people are thrilled.
And, you know, if you remember, we had a debate. And debate -- he didn't do great in the debate, but you know what, that's what happens. And he went down, and he was not doing great. But you got to let him ride it out, right? Instead, they took him out. They said, "You're coming out. We're not going to let you..."
They tell this to the president. This is Crazy Nancy. She's crazy as a bedbug, that one. She's a nutjob who's crooked as hell. Listen, she started off with nothing. Two weeks ago, a company that was going to be investigated -- the following day, she had a lot of stock in the company. She sold the stock the day before they announced the investigation of the company.
That's Crazy Nancy. [Audience boos] No, I think she's immune from investigation. Can you -- can you believe? I think she's immune. But -- not a good person. So, when I win on November 5th, the migrate -- and remember this: We're going to win. I think we're going to win, maybe bigger than anyone understands. [Applause]
You have to get out and vote. And when I win on November 5th -- and it's not me. We win. We're going to win. When we win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends and the restoration of our country begins. We're going to restore our country. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country -- essentially, she -- open borders.
When you say open borders -- and then they say, "We're going to give you health care, education. We're going to give..." They're forced to come up, right? Sheriff, you look good. Handsome guy. But they -- they come in. It's like a magnet. They come in. They promised everything. They -- in New York, they get hotel rooms, luxury hotel rooms.
And our veterans are forced to sleep on the streets. Think of it. [Audience boos] But as the savage Venezuela prison gang formed in the prison, Tren de Aragua, that is taking over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent terror spree -- this is in -- in that case, in Colorado. And the governor, who is a radical-left Democrat, is petrified of the situation.
He doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know what to do. Replace him. I think we replace him. I think -- I hope Colorado -- you know, Colorado with the governor, this weak guy -- Colorado was the one that tried to get Trump. I'm leading every candidate, including the Democrats, on the ballot, and they put in a petition to have me removed from the ballot.
And then they say -- think of it. They didn't get very far, but this guy tried that. So -- and then they say I'm a threat to democracy. I'm a threat? No, they're a threat. But they even are taking over parts of Times Square. They're all over the place now, and they have weapons like very few people have. So, let's take a look.
That's what we have. Thanks a lot, Kamala. Thanks a lot, Kamala. We appreciate it. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. We're not going to have this. November 5th, 2024 will be called liberation day in America. We're going to be liberated. [Applause] Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 -- this information right from the Border Patrol.
Not even believable, 13,099 illegal alien convicted murderers were set to prey upon the United States of America. Think of that. And 425,000 convicted criminal aliens were released into our country over the last three and a half years. Think of that, 425,000. Last year, an illegal alien was arrested at the Arizona border and then released into the United States by Kamala's horrible open border policy.
He went on to repeatedly rape and strangle a woman, killing some -- they don't know how many -- and is now facing over 100 years in prison. Thank you very much, Kamala. We appreciate it. Through our open border, Kamala Harris is also actively aiding and abetting the worst human traffickers, child smugglers, drug dealers, bloodthirsty criminal networks.
We have them all, the worst murderers in the world. They make our criminals look like nice people, I'm telling you. The cartels' profits have soared from $500 million a year under Trump to $13 billion under the border czar, Kamala. And every day, they're stealing innocent lives on both sides of the border.
They are killing people left and right, and nobody knows it. And the fake news right back there, they don't want to report it. [Audience boos] They don't want to report it. They don't -- you know, when I put these, I have friends, they love the rallies. They want to watch the rallies, and they always do.
And the other day, one of my friends said, "You know, we love the rallies, but you put up these great clips that are very descriptive, and the fake news will not put the camera on the clips." I didn't know that. You know, I just heard that. [Audience boos] And we tell them to do it. And we tell them to do it, but they don't do it.
They just keep that camera zoomed in on me. Such a waste of time. No, we have some clips. They're great clips. And the people at home -- we got millions of people watching on television, but they won't move those cameras. I try and shame them. I do whatever I can. They're just -- they're just -- they're just bad people.
And until we get a fair and free press in this country, they're just bad people. [Applause] I mean, look how easy -- here, you have -- all they have to do is just go, "huh-uh." One inch this way and one inch this way, and you got it. They don't want to do that. They're the enemy of the people. They are.
They're the enemy of the -- I've been asked not to say it. I don't want to say it. They're the enemy of the people. And someday, they're not going to be the enemy of the people, I hope. Just days ago, a young US Marine Corps veteran named Nicholas Quets from right here in Arizona -- you know about it -- was driving through Mexico for a beach weekend, just a weekend with his friends -- a really good -- good guy, good kid -- when he was viciously gunned down on the highway and murdered by members of a Mexican cartel.
And it was brutal for no reason whatsoever. And we're joined today by Nick's wife, Carrie [ph]; his father, Warren; his mother, Patricia [ph]; his sister, Alexis [ph]; and his brother-in-law, Phil? Could you please stand up wherever you may be? Could you please stand up? [Applause] A beautiful guy, a beautiful family, and we are so sorry for your loss.
Can't be expressed. Thank you very much. Under the Trump administration, we will achieve complete and total victory over these sadistic monsters. We will reclaim our territory. We will restore the sovereign borders of the United States of America, and we will put the cartels quickly out of business. They're going to be gone. [Applause]
Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. We'll get them out. [Applause] And I will rescue every town across America that's been invaded and conquered. These towns have been conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail, or we'll kick them the hell out of our country as fast as we can.
And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13, just as bad -- this is bad. These are really violent people. MS-13 on Long Island. They like Long Island. We put up thousands -- we took out -- ICE, they're great people. Our ICE. You know, she wants to terminate ICE. Who's going to remove these people? Terminate ICE.
They're tough, and they love the country. But think of this: two young girls walking to school, 16 years old. They don't like using guns because knives are more painful. They sliced them up into pieces, kill them both, and then went about playing and doing whatever the hell they were doing. And ICE went in and grabbed them and got them.
And they wished they didn't do that to those two young girls. They were walking to school -- two beautiful, perfect young girls walking to school. They got knifed to death, both of them cut up. And we got to get these animals out of here fast. It's only going to be worse. [Applause] And to do so, I have to go back a long way because, you know, that's when they ran a little tougher country.
And nowadays, everything's so politically correct. They fight harder for the criminal than they do for the people that have been murdered, killed. These stupid politicians. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 -- can you believe that -- to go back that far -- to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
Can you imagine having to go back to 1798? And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you.
I will end catch and release. You know we had a policy called Remain in Mexico. People think that was easier to get. That was so good. They ended it immediately. I will end all migrant flights. I will outlaw sanctuary cities, which is a place where they give criminals sanctuary. I will immediately ask Congress for funding to hire 10,000 new border agents and to approve a 10 percent raise for existing agents and a $10,000 retention and signing bonus.
We're doing it. They've been treated unfairly. And I will ban all welfare and federal benefits from illegal aliens, and they won't come anymore. They won't come. And in yet another incoherent trainwreck of a television interview yesterday, Kamala Harris stated, once again, that she opposes any plan to send her illegal aliens back home.
She opposes deport -- I don't think she knew what the hell she was saying. I actually saw it. I said, "I think she must have misunderstood." She'll say, "I didn't understand the question." She does -- she's got -- she's a low-IQ individual, I'm telling you. I'm good at this stuff. She's a low-IQ person.
She opposes deportations. Can you believe it? She doesn't want him, Sheriff. She doesn't want them deported. We have a man over here, one of the greats of all time. Stand up, Joe. Stand up. One of the great of all time. Stand up. He didn't play games at the border. Sheriff Joe. He didn't play games. He's a great one.
We miss his wife. We miss his wife. She died a couple of years ago. We miss her. She loved this guy. Can you imagine, she was in love with him like crazy? Who the hell could love him? But you know what, he got the job done. He got that job done, right? No games, and he did it fairly. Thank you very much for being here.
It's very nice. I didn't know you were going to be here. It's appropriate that you're here frankly. You know that. He did a real job. You didn't have the problems that you have today. Today, they just walk in. You got those weak politicians, those pathetic politicians. And by the way, speaking of non-weak, I really hope you're going to go out and vote for Kari Lake for the Senate. [Applause]
Where is she? Thank you, Kari. [Audience chants "Kari"] Thank you, Kari, and good luck. And you know what I want you to do now? Get up and go to that television show. She's doing Laura Ingraham, and Laura Ingraham has been great. And we want you to do great. You go ahead. The whole place -- we're going to clap as you leave.
Go ahead. Come on. Sheriff -- Sheriff Joe. Thank you. Thank you, Kari. Great -- great job. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. [Applause] She's terrific. You know, we had a deal. I was going to introduce her, but I was going to just sort of let her -- I said, "Isn't it better if we just say..." Because she has to do a big show, actually, with Laura.
Laura's been great, too, as you know. And so, I said rather than have her sort of like try and avoid, I said, "Go out to wonderful applause." Like -- and somehow, Sheriff Joe, I think that worked out pretty good, right? Huh? But he's never leaving us, this one here. And Kamala supports mass amnesty and citizenship for the human tidal wave, and she's brought it to us.
She's -- it's going to come crashing down like you've never seen, this tidal wave. We're going to break this tidal wave. We're going to end it fast, and we're going to have our country back again. Every Arizona senior needs to know that Kamala's plan for mass amnesty will obliterate Medicare and Social Security.
They want to put these people on Social Security and Medicare, and that's going to sink those two things, whereas I'm saving them, and I'm not raising the age like they will have to do. I'm not raising. You'll never see me raise the age. We have liquid gold. We have so much wealth in this country. We have so much.
We don't have to play around with Social Security like they want to do. They're going to destroy your Social Security among many other -- among our country. They're going to destroy our country. So, that's -- you know, that's the whole ball game. If you want your Medicare looted by 21 million illegal aliens until there's nothing left -- and by the way, if they ever got in, the border will be immediately opened, and you'll have 200 million people come in here.
You'll have 200 million and there's no -- and there will be no fracking, Pennsylvania. There will be no fracking. There will be no nothing. We'll have a country that will be a disgrace and an embarrassment. Nobody will even know. It'll happen so fast. It can happen fast. Look at Venezuela. Fifteen years ago, Venezuela was a thriving, incredible country.
And now, it's -- I mean, the people can't get a bottle of water. If you want to save Medicare and save Social Security, you must vote for a gentleman named Donald J. Trump. Have you heard of him? [Applause] You know it's an amazing stat, but virtually 100 percent of the net job creation in the last year, you know who it's gone to? Migrants.
They're creating jobs -- I didn't believe it. I actually have that -- Andy Biggs, I have to have that number checked. And it was right. The jobs are going to people that are pouring in. This border invasion of millions of people pouring in is causing a job crisis for Black and Hispanic population. That's what's happening.
Hispanic and Black are losing their jobs because of this. And it makes sense. You got millions of people pouring in, people that have had their job, that have done a job for years, they're losing their job. And it started with the Black and the Hispanic populations, and we're just not going to let it all happen.
It's so disgraceful. They don't want to show you all of the jobs that the Black and Hispanic people are losing because they want to wait till after the election. But I've seen numbers, and when you see those numbers, the election is going to be over probably. Although, 818,000 jobs were fraudulently put in the -- on the rolls by these guys -- by these crooked guys in Washington.
They lied and cheated. They said we had 18 -- think of it, 818,000 jobs. And we had a whistleblower because they wanted to revise it after the election. And we had a whistleblower, and I wonder whoever the hell that whistleblower was. Thank you very much, whistleblower. We appreciate it. Think of that.
Even after all of the pain and suffering that she's caused, when Kamala was asked if she would do anything differently, she said that she wouldn't change not one thing. Let's watch.
It's pretty brutal, isn't it? Isn't it unbelievable? So, Arizona, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. You have to vote. We're not playing games. So -- how to do it? And, Jane, your husband sitting on the sofa watching something -- he doesn't even know what he's watching. Tell him, Jimmy, get up.
You're getting up, Jimmy. Let's go. Let's go, Jimmy. I'm not going to use foul language. Get your fat ass out of the couch. You're going to vote, Jimmy. You're going to vote. We're going to save our country, Jimmy. We're going to save our country. No. You got to go vote. We're pleased to be joined by a couple of really great people.
Two Senators, they get it. They really get it, and they're warriors. Marco Rubio and Mike Lee. [Applause] Thank you, Marco. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. Two great guys, and they are warriors, too. Representatives Eli Crane and Andy Biggs. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you, fellas. Thank you, Eli. Thank you.
Congressional candidate doing really well, Kelly Cooper, who has my complete and total endorsement. And so do these guys. They all have my endorsement. Everybody I've named, including Sheriff Joe, has my endorsement. Arizona GOP chairwoman -- and this woman has done a job and especially well. It's early voting, and we are doing record successful numbers.
And I think it's going to stay that way. Gina Swoboda. Where's Gina? She is doing a job. Thank you, Gina. Thank you, honey. Great job. You're going to keep it going.
OK. Thank you. She's great. Wow, this is a big guy. President of Arizona State University College Republicans, Carson Carpenter. Thank you. He's done a fantastic job. [Applause] Young guy. Look, a young guy, huh? He'll be up here someday. Thank you very much, Carson. And Gold Star mom, Alicia Lopez, mother of fallen Marine Corporal Hunter Lopez, who lost his life in the failed withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Thanks. We want to thank you, Alicia, and we will never forget Hunter. Where is Alicia? Thank you. Thank you, darling, very much. Thank you very much. I've gotten to know so many people from that horrible event, the most embarrassing horrible event in the history of our country. Because of that event, Putin went into Afghanistan -- Putin went into Ukraine.
That Afghanistan event was such a disgrace and it would have never happened. We would have kept Bagram. We wouldn't have taken the soldiers out first. We wouldn't have given them anything billions and billions of dollars of equipment, 13 dead. Think of it, 13 dead but so many horrifically wounded with the arms and the legs, the whole thing.
Nobody ever mentions them. I mention them all the time because they're sitting home right now. They're suffering, and it should have never ever happened. And Putin -- think of this. Putin sat back and President Xi of China and all of them. And they looked back, and they said, "Oh, the US must be a paper tiger."
Putin would have never ever gone in. No chance; it wouldn't have happened. No chance. I spoke to him about it. It was the apple of his eye. I will tell you that Ukraine was the apple of his eye, but he would have never gone in. And he understands that. And to think of what's happened -- and now, you look at Ukraine, so many people have died.
Those beautiful old cities, those magnificent golden domes are laying down smashed to smithereens on their sides. Can they ever rebuild that? You're not going to rebuild that. They lost their whole culture. For that to have happened, you could have stopped that so easily, Joe. You didn't know what the hell you were doing or saying, Joe.
What a shame. What a different country we would have had. Think of it, you wouldn't have inflation. You wouldn't have had the -- and we were getting out of Afghanistan. I spoke to Abdul. He was the head of the Taliban. They said, "Why did you speak to him?" I said because that's where the death is. He was the one.
And for 18 months, we didn't lose one soldier in Afghanistan, think of it. Eighteen months, right? [Applause] And then these stupid people took over, and we lost those beautiful soldiers, most importantly, were lost. And other people -- many people were killed that day. Many, many people, people that were from Afghanistan, many, many people.
It was horrific, but so much death and so unnecessary. But think of it, that wouldn't have happened. We would have been out, but we would have -- would have been out with dignity and pride. We would have kept Bagram, the big air base, one of the biggest air bases in the world. We built it many years ago for billions of dollars, and it was one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.
And we would have kept it for that reason. We were expecting to keep it, but they left there to -- they turned off the lights and they left. Although a lot of those lights were left on, I believe. And they didn't take the dogs, by the way. A lot of people say, "Did they take the dogs?" They had these great German Shepherd dogs.
No, they didn't take the dogs. It's such a horrible thing that happened and in a short period of time. So, you had that, and then you had Russia going into Ukraine. You had President Xi looking very strongly at Taiwan. You know that. He's been looking -- oh, he's been savoring. He's been licking his chops on that one, right? And you had October 7th with Israel -- would have never happened.
That would have never -- all those people killed. It would have never happened. None of it would have happened. We would have been a whole different world right now. We would have been the world that Viktor Orban talks about. He said -- he's the head of Hungary, strong person, very strong leader. He said this would have never happened if Trump were the president of the United States.
So -- but we'll fix it. We'll fix it. We'll get it fixed. Also with us is Kristin Coolidge, the widow of Phoenix Police Officer Zane Coolidge, who was shot and killed last month in the line of duty leaving behind his wife and his beautiful five-month-old daughter. I just met them backstage also. Could you stand up wherever you may be? Oh, that's so beautiful.
Thank you. [Applause] And Kristin, your husband was a true hero. They know -- they know him so well over here. Everybody knew exactly who I was talking about, and it was wonderful to meet you. But I'm so sorry for what happened. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Thank you, mom. [Applause]
So, we grieve with you, and we stand with you. And we're going to stand with everybody that we just -- we just introduced you to, but these are things that would have never happened with proper government, with people that knew what they were doing, with maybe a little bit of toughness. I guess that's OK, right? Maybe a little bit of toughness and a lot of common sense, these things would have never happened, and these wonderful people would be alive today.
Under my administration, we will once again give our police and law enforcement heroes the support, resources, protection, and respect that they so dearly deserve. Right? [Applause] We're going to bring back law and order to America. Our country is going to hell. We'll rapidly build the greatest economy in history.
I will pass historic tax cuts for workers and small businesses, including no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors. No tax. And I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end the green new scam. Trillions and trillions of dollars being wasted on the green new scam.
We're going to have the cleanest water of anybody we had. Four years we had the record, clean water, clean air, but it's a green new scam. I will make interest on car loans fully tax deductible but only for cars made in America. [Applause] Thank you. And to a large degree, the reason -- I just came up with that idea.
People are calling me, these geniuses from Wall Street, "What a great idea that was. How did you think of that?" I always say the paper clip. A hundred and twenty-nine years ago, the paperclip, somebody looked at it and said, "Why didn't I think of this?" Some -- somebody got very rich. Because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream.
We're going to have those cars made in Detroit. They're going to be made all over Michigan. We -- we might even have a couple made here, but who knows? We're going to make plenty of other things here. We will quickly become energy-independent, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill. We're going to frack, frack, frack; drill, baby, drill.
And in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala Harris. We're going to fire her. Get the hell -- we're going to fire Kamala. We're going to get her out of here. Honestly, you had to see it last night to believe it. People, even reporters, spoke to me today. They said, "We can't believe it."
It's hard for them to justify. You know, they're all controlled by the left. They're controlled by the left, totally controlled. I don't know what the hell. We have to free the reporters up because I know some of them. They're good people. We have to free them up. We have to free them from the left, and we're going to save America.
With your support, we will end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America. And really, a lot of factories are coming right back here to Arizona where they were taken from you. We will build American, we will buy American, and we will hire American.
I will end the war in Ukraine. I will get it stopped very quickly. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III. And we're very close to World War III right now. And we will build a massive missile defense shield to protect us. We want protection, too, don't we? And it's going to be made in the USA, a lot of it right here.
And we will land an American astronaut on Mars. Thank you, Elon. Thank you. Get going, Elon. Get that spaceship going, Elon. By the way, how good is Elon Musk? You know he's -- well, we're having a good time here today at this beautiful arena. This is a beautiful arena, nice 72 degrees, everything. Elon is campaigning in Pennsylvania, and he's really working hard.
Elon Musk. Between rocket ships -- do you ever see a rocket ship come down so beautifully like that? I said, "Why did you do that, Elon?" He said, "Because I want to save the ship. It cost like $1 billion to build." I said, "Can anybody else do that?" No. The rest of them, they drop them into the ocean; they start all over again.
No, this guy is great. And he did us a bigger favor right now. He gave us the Starlink. Does anybody know Starlink. For -- he gave us Starlink in North Carolina, some in Georgia, some of the areas that were hit by that horrible hurricane. And somebody from North Carolina said, "Do you know Elon Musk?" I said yes.
How good was his endorsement? I mean, his endorsement just kept coming and coming. He gets -- he said that we will not have a country if we don't win this election. And he is a smart cookie. In fact, he was over with us last couple of weeks over in Pennsylvania and Butler, and he saw something that he's -- with all the rockets and Starlinks and everything else, he said I've never seen anything like it.
It was -- we had 101,000 people, and it was incredible, honoring a wonderful man, Corey, firefighter. And it was a beautiful, beautiful evening. It's a beautiful evening. But Elon got Starlink, and he said -- that gentleman from North Carolina, one of the officials said to me, "Is it possible for you to get him to get us Starlink?" I said I can try.
What Starlink? And he told me it's communication. A form of communication that's very good but hard to get. And I called Elon, and he sent it immediately, hundreds of adapters, sent them -- sent them immediately. And I think he saved a lot of -- a lot of lives. So, thank you, Elon Musk, right? Thank you.
Good job. [Applause] We will rebuild our cities including our capital in Washington, D.C. making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity -- we're going to get him the hell out of our schools immediately, right? [Applause] And something I'm always embarrassed to even have to say, it's so crazy.
We will keep men out of women's sports. Can you believe it? [Applause] Who would have thought you have to say that? How about -- the other good one is parental -- we will give parents the rights to watch over their child. I mean, the school board said -- no, I mean, I have things that I say that 10 years ago, it would have been like who would ever think of it.
We will keep men out of women's sports. It's crazy, right? It's crazy. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, our Second Amendment. Right? After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country.
We are going to defend our borders, and we are going to protect our citizens. We will stop all illegal immigration once and for all and at once. We will stop it immediately. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive.
And every day will be filled with opportunity, hope, and filled with the American dream again. We're bringing back the American dream. That's what we're going to do. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is simply too big to rig. [Audience responds "Too big to rig."]
And we're doing that. We're doing that. We're doing that. If these numbers hold up -- and they probably will. I mean, why wouldn't they? Who the hell wants these people in office? It's crazy. But the numbers are the biggest anyone's ever seen. Even the fake news says that. It's pretty amazing. But we -- we want to wait, and we're watching very studiously.
Early voting is underway. Get everyone you know and vote. Just get them. Get your friends. Say, "Get over here. You're going to vote." After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help from now until Election Day -- 12 days, is that so much to ask? Twelve days.
We will redeem America's promise. We will put America first, and we will take back the nation that we love. We're going to take it back from these people that have no idea what they're doing. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And we're going to remember God. They don't want to remember God. [Applause]
We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. And we will never ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win! November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America healthy again. Bobby Kennedy. We will make America strong again. Oh, we're going to be strong. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Arizona. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. God bless you. [Applause]
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, this is a big crowd of beautiful people. Thank you very much. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Five days, five days. Oh, we're all working hard. We got to win. We can't let -- we can't let that alternative win. That would be a disaster for our country.
So, I want to just say a very big hello, Nevada. We're doing great in Nevada. And I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, and you are that. You are that. But I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question, very easy one. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans.
With your vote in this election, I will end inflation. I will stop the massive criminal -- and you see it. You see it, the criminal invasion, horrible, some horrible, deathly people. We're not going to allow it. They're destroying our country. We will stop it immediately. And I will bring back something that you haven't heard of for about four years.
We're going to bring back the American dream. And I want to just thank you. You're going to bring it back. And that's all you really need to know. And remember, Kamala and Sleepy Joe, they broke it. I will fix it, and we'll fix it fast. And we're going to have America that's bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
And, you know, we're doing fantastically well in the polls, and I want to thank a man who's with us. And I said, "Joe, you got to go," because he's got some big stuff going on, and we got to win this thing. He's heard my speeches before a little bit, but you have a great governor here, Joe Lombardo. And where is Joe? Where is Joe? Thank you, Joe.
Is it OK? Can he go and do some business so that we can win, and he can take care of some young people that are incredible and love him? Joe, thank you very much. You go home, Joe. Thank you. Appreciate it. Great job. Joe Lombardo, everybody. Thank you. [Applause] He's a good man. This election is a choice between whether we'll have four more years of gross incompetence and failure, or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country.
We're going to bring it back. We're going to bring it back fast. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future of our country. That's not an easy thing to do when you see these clowns, these horrible, horrible people we have, these horrible people we have running our country. I'm asking you to dream big again.
Dream big again. This will be America's new golden age. That's what we're going to do, a golden age of America. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now the fate of our nation is in your hands. This is a very big state for us. This is a very big state. I love it. I'm here a lot without campaigning.
But I want to tell you, this is a big one, and it looks awfully good. It looks -- I don't want to say -- just keep voting, keep voting. You got to get out and vote. On Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. She's horrible, the worst there is.
She's never been -- there's never been anybody worse on the border. She's the worst. She is the worst vice president in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. You're fired. The worst. Horrible, horrible. She is horrible, and she lies. Every time she gets up, she tells a lie.
Donald Trump will not allow fracking. That's a first, by the way. I won't allow -- "Donald Trump will not allow drilling for oil, which is going to make us rich as hell. No, he doesn't." No, she lies about everything. IVF, she lies. I'm like the -- I feel like I'm the father of IVF. She lies about everything.
She's really -- she's worse than Crooked Hillary, actually. You know, Hillary was a lot smarter, and she lied a lot, but this one lies about everything. She just makes it up as you go. We've been setting records in early voting, as you probably know. Thank you, Michael. I appreciate it. [Applause] But we can't let up.
In-person early voting in your state ends tomorrow, so get out and vote. But the main thing is you got to vote. You got to get that -- Tuesday is a very special day. It's a big day, and we can close this thing out. We're leading for the first time, I think, ever, right? We're leading in early voting for the first time ever. [Applause]
That's right. It never happened because, as you know, Democrats always lead in the early part, and the Republicans like to go there on Tuesday. And they like -- I understand that you want to see your ballot go into a box. I'm not even sure you see that with this craziness that we have. But we're going to get it all changed.
But we're doing really well, and to be leading in early voting is unprecedented. So, that's really great. So, it's an honor. And if you can't make it tomorrow, you got to make a plan. You got to be there on Tuesday, everybody. Who has not voted? Whoa, whoa. Who has voted? Great. That is great. Wow. Thank you very much.
That's great. Thank you. Look at that. Oh, I bet -- I'd like to know what casino you work for, huh? Look at that. That's great. So, those that haven't, get out and vote. Every vote counts. Thank you very much. With your help, we're going to win Nevada. We're going to defeat Kamala Harris, Kamala. And we're going to -- what are we going to do? We're going to make America great again, right? Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people.
She's violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions from all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo. Today, I want to hear directly from a mother whose world has been absolutely shattered.
This just came out, and everybody that sees it -- it's, like, devastating, and there's so many things happening like this with the illegal migrants, so many killers. We're not going to let it go on. Please watch.
Thank you very much. So sad. Thousands of people all over our country. This is constant. These are some really tough people, some really bad people coming in. They make our criminals look like nice people. That's how tough they are. They are just so bad. The jails are being emptied into our country. Jails from the toughest countries are being opened up and let in through her stupid open-border policies.
Totally unvetted, nobody knows who they are, where they come from, countries you've never even heard of. The day I take office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. [Applause] And I believe it's the biggest problem. Biden and Harris -- you can't say Harris because nobody knows who Harris is.
Nobody knows. You say Harris, nobody knows who the hell she is. But -- [Audience member calls out "We love you, Trump."] Oh, that's great. Thank you, darling. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn or members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, and they're taking over apartment complexes in Aurora, Colorado, where you have a governor who's petrified.
He's a radical-left lunatic, and he's petrified. He doesn't know what the hell to do. He's lost. I call him a lost sheep, and he's unleashing -- they're unleashing a violent killing spree all over America. The United States is now an occupied country. Can you believe? I have to say that, the United -- we're an occupied country.
They're coming in, and they're by the thousands. And they have equipment that's military-grade equipment. How do they get that? They have military-grade equipment. But it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day. [Applause] On day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.
We're going to get them out. We have no choice. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. They are conquering areas of our country. They are conquering. We don't know, and nobody wants to talk about it. And the fake news, of which there is a lot back there -- whoa. [Audience boos] That's a lot.
They don't want to write about it. They don't want to talk about it. They don't want to -- they'll write about it after the election. They don't want to write about it now. And we'll put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail, or we'll kick them the hell out of our country. We want them out.
Through our open border, Kamala Harris is also actively aiding and abetting the worst human traffickers, child smugglers, drug dealers, and bloodthirsty criminal networks on the planet. There's nobody worse than what she's catering to. They even have an app number, where to call, so they can dump off illegal migrants.
They have an app. Can you believe it? They have call -- they have cell phones. They have airplanes flying over the border, loaded up with migrants that they're dropping all over our country. The cartels' profits have soared from relatively minor numbers to $13 billion from human trafficking alone under Border Czar.
She doesn't want to call -- be called Border Czar. She was the Border Czar, but you know what? She was in charge of the border. And by the way, the Border Patrol, they endorsed me very strongly. [Applause] They even said I was the greatest president in the history of our country. Now, I said, "Does that include -- does that include Abraham Lincoln? Does that include the great George Washington?" They said, "You're the best president, and you're the best president on the border. We had the best border."
Drop that, please. Drop my all-time favorite graph. Do you mind? I love this. I sleep with this. I kiss it. I kiss it. Oh, that saved my life, I guess. Without that graph, I wouldn't be here right now. I looked over to my right very quickly, and I noticed there was a little problem, a little bit of a problem.
Lunatics. We got lunatics out there. But that says it. The last day that I was in office was the arrow on the bottom. That was the lowest day in the history of our country for illegal immigration. That was done by the Border Patrol and ICE. And then it became like an Elon Musk rocket ship. Look at that.
Look at what happened. That was the lowest day we've ever had in terms of illegal immigration. By the way, the drugs were equally low. The whole thing was so good. All that guy had to do is leave it. He went to the beach all the time, right? He could have gone to the beach, but he went to the beach, but they made changes instead.
Remain in Mexico. I got things that nobody could come into our country. They had to remain in Mexico. Mexico. I think Tijuana might have been the fastest-growing town in the history of the world, hundreds of thousands of people. But they weren't in our country. And we want people to come in, but we want them to come in legally, right? We want people to come in, but they have to come in legally.
We don't want murderers and drug dealers, and we don't want them to open their prisons. Think of it. They're opening their prisons and dumping them on us. But every day, they're stealing innocent lives on both sides of the border, both sides. Just days ago, a young U.S. Marine Corps veteran named Nicholas Quets from Arizona was driving through Mexico very routinely, who would think this could happen, for a beach weekend with his great friends.
Everybody loved him. He had a lot of friends. When he was viciously gunned down on the highway and murdered by members of a Mexican cartel. And we're joined today by Nick's wife, Karime; his father, Douglas; his mother, Patricia; his sister, Alexis; and his brother-in-law, Phil. And they're beautiful people.
And if they'd like to come up, I'd love to have them, just to honor their beautiful boy. I'd love to have them. Come on up. Oh, good. That's great. [Applause] This is a great family, a perfect family. And what happened to them should happen to nobody.
[Audience chants "Nicholas" and "Fight"] That's incredible. And frankly, to do that, to be able to do that literally just a few days after this horrible event happened is pretty amazing, I'll tell you. We'll take care of it. We're going to take care of it. We're going to get that guy. We're going to get him.
We're going to get him. They know who he is. Can you believe it? They know who he is. Nothing's done. Mexico's going to give him to us. Mexico is going to give him to us. They have to. They have to. It's going to be real easy. When I'm president, we're going to put the drug smugglers and human traffickers -- we're going to put them right out of business.
They're killing hundreds of thousands of people in our country. You know, if we had a war, it wouldn't be as bad as this. Hundreds of thousands of people a year are being killed. To expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Audience chants "USA"] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, sanctuaries for criminals.
As we secure our border, we will bring back our economy. And very simply, I will make America affordable again because it's not affordable anymore. They've destroyed it with -- they have destroyed it with this inflation, this horrible inflation, the worst ever in our country. Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation of your lifetime.
She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices. You look at your food bills. You look at the cost of food items. You know, more people tell me about groceries. The word grocery, I've heard it more in the last year than any other word, I think. I think I've heard it more than any other word other than -- other than the word garbage.
Garbage. How stupid is a man to say that, right? How stupid is a man to say that? But she believes it, too. I'd love to hear that conversation now. Oh, boy. But now, Kamala wants to raise taxes on the typical American family by an average of $5,000 a year. Kamala also launched a war on tip workers, good place to talk about it, and service workers right here in Nevada, increasing the so-called tip allocation tax rate by 60 percent.
That's why you don't hear them talking about no tax on tips. They don't talk about it because they're going just the opposite. In other words, even after Kamala wrecked your economy with inflation, she came after your tip income like a vulture would do, actually. She doesn't understand it. She doesn't know what it means.
She has no sense of economics, none whatsoever. If she gets four more years, Kamala Harris will pick your pockets bare. You will have -- we will not have a country. Everyone will flee our -- our companies are going to flee. People don't realize, these companies, these big, beautiful companies, they're run by international businesspeople.
They don't live here. Many of them live in Switzerland and Sweden and lots of other countries. They don't mind. They don't even think about it. They'll take these companies out of here so fast. It's a mass charge to see who can get what company. And they want to go, and they'll go. They don't care. They have no loyalty to our country.
We have to keep them here by being smart, not stupid. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our great seniors. And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of our parents or a loved one.
You know, if we didn't have that, if we didn't have the angel moms and -- lots of different names, but the angel moms is an example. If we didn't have them, the great wife that takes care of her husband who was badly wounded and vice versa, by the way, but if we didn't have that -- caregivers, they really take care.
We wouldn't have enough hospitals if we doubled the size of our hospital rooms. If we doubled it up, we wouldn't have enough hospitals to take care of our country. And now, of course, what's happening is you go to towns and cities all over the country. You can't have a hospital anyway because the migrants have literally taken over the beds.
They've taken over the schools. They've taken over your -- your son has a seat in school, and he no longer has it because a migrant is giving -- they're giving him -- actually, they're saying, "You go first. The migrants go first." Migrants go first. Look at what's happening. Look at what's happening all over the country.
The schools are bursting at the seams. The hospitals are a disaster. You go to the hospital, you have a problem, you can't get in. I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill, baby, drill. And I'll terminate her Green New Scam, one of the greatest scams in the history of our country, devised by a person who never even took an environmental course.
You know who that is, right? AOC plus three. [Audience boos] Remember what she said? Twelve years. Well, the 12 years has pretty much come up, Mr. Congressman, right? Matt, right? The 12 years has come and gone. "We weren't going to be around anymore after 12 years." This is a young lady who -- I don't know if she's having a lot of fun or what.
But, boy, I watched those senators. They were there for a long time. I watched them. "So, yeah, yeah, that's right. That's right." You know what her real goal is? $93 trillion. They don't want any more windows in apartments. No more windows. They'd like every building in Manhattan to be taken down and build a building with no windows in it.
You have to be one of the greatest salesmen in the world to sell one of those apartments. I guess I have it wrong. I've always been known for having the biggest windows. I got a -- I want those windows to be so big, right down to the bottom of the floor. And the bigger they are, the better they sell.
That's just the way it is. I got to change my whole philosophy if you don't vote me in because I'll go back to building crazy buildings now, and I won't be able to use windows anymore. No, they actually -- they don't want windows. They don't want cows. They don't want anything. They don't know what they want, actually.
And I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months. We're going to cut it in half. We have liquid gold. And then everything else is going to come down. It was energy that brought it up. It's going to be energy that brings it down. They screwed up that energy policy. We had it down to nothing, and then they snapped it back.
They said, "We're not going to win an election." The prices, remember, they're going through crazy, then they got it back almost to my level. But see, my level wasn't right because I would have been four times that level by then, and I will be four times or five times the level very soon. Despite all of the damage she's caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.
And two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. Garbage. [Audience boos] That's nasty. I think that's worse than deplorables, right? How did that work out for Hillary? I think this is going to work out even worse. And they mean it. They mean it, even though without question, my supporters are far higher-quality than Crooked Joe or Lyin' Kamala.
Well, look. Look at that. Look at that. That's -- they had nobody like that. My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. You just can't do. You can't do it. You can't be president if you hate the American people, and they do hate it. They hate the American people.
Who would have an open-border policy where prisons and jails and penitentiaries are allowed to freely walk into our country, where gang members have taken off the streets of Caracas, Venezuela and dumped into our country? We don't even know their names. We know nothing about them. They are free to roam.
They call it free to roam. Congratulations. You are free to roam. And they killed four people. You know, it's crazy, the 13,000-plus that we have, the killers. These are murderers from jails. Can you believe that? These were all murderers, convicted murderers in jail, in prison, and we know nothing about them.
In fact, we don't even know where they are, but they're out there someplace. I'm sure we have a few of them. Welcome. I'm sure we have a few of them sitting right -- sitting -- this can give you a little bit of the yips, right? You're sitting down now, and you don't know whether or not the guy next to you killed five people.
No, we're going to get them out of here. We're going to get them out fast. We're going to get them out fast. And our local police are going to be activated. And if we had the cooperation from the fake news, which you don't, it would happen relatively quickly. We're going to be able to do it. Now, our local police, let me tell you, they know every one of them.
They know their middle name. They know everything about them. They know what country they come from. They know everything. But they're told to stand back. Don't touch them. Don't do anything. Stand back. They don't want to stand back. Just like Border Patrol. They go crazy when they see these people pouring in, and they can look at them, and they can see trouble.
They go trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble, no trouble, trouble, trouble. They can look at them, and they can see good or bad. Kamala Harris is not fit to be president of the United States. She doesn't have the intellect, the stamina, or that special quality that real leaders have to have. She doesn't have any quality leadership.
She shouldn't even be there. He got 14 million votes. Look, I'm not a fan, but we had a debate. He didn't do great. His numbers went down. Big deal. They went to see him, and they say, "You can't win. You're out." This is -- you know, we call them a threat to democracy. They look at me, I'm a threat to democracy.
I am the least threat. I'm the one saving our democracy. [Applause] No. Crazy Nancy, she's crazy as a bedbug. She walked in, and she starts screaming at him. "You're out of here. You're out of here. Get out of here." And, you know, it's amazing, her and some of her friends. And yet with Nancy, she was a big owner of Visa stock.
She started off with nothing, and now she's worth $200 million, they say. But listen to this -- with her husband, with her husband. What was that all about, anyway? That was -- that was a weird deal. What was that all about? So, she's got the husband, and they buy stock. And she was a big owner in -- I believe it was Visa, big owner, big position.
And we didn't know this, but Visa, it was going to be announced the following day that Visa was under major federal criminal investigation, and Nancy sold all of her stock in Visa the day before that came out. [Audience boos] I don't know. It sounds a little bad. What do you think, Michael? A little bit -- a little bit shaky? She said it was by strictly coincidence.
She said it was by coincidence. No. Well -- but I don't see the press. Did you guys read about that at all? I don't think so, huh? [Audience boos] Joe Biden's comments were the direct result of Kamala's decision to portray everyone who isn't voting for her as an evil and even subhuman person. And we know it's what they believe because look at how they've treated you.
They treat you -- they do treat you like garbage. They really do. For the last nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racists, bigots, fascists, deplorables, irredeemables, even Nazis. And they called me Hitler. You know, my father was a great guy. He was a strong guy but a good guy with a big heart, strong but really a warm guy.
Whenever we walked down the street, we'd come sometimes into Manhattan, that was a big treat, and we'd see -- in those days, you don't see that anymore. Now, you see it at a very much higher -- at a scarier level, frankly. They put a gun in your ribs, and they say, "Give me what you have." But they used to hold tin cups out.
And he'd always walk by, and he'd always put $100 in it. Anytime he saw it, he'd put $100 in. You know, that was like $1,000 today, maybe more. I said, "That's nice." I always remembered it. It's nice. But, you know, he told me once -- I don't even know in what reference, but he said, "Never use the name Nazi. You don't use that name. Do you understand me? And never use the name Hitler. You don't have to say Hitler. Don't ever say Hitler. Do you understand?"
And now, I'm being accused of being Hitler by these lunatics out there that have lost control of our country. Our country is a -- we're riddled with crime. Every city, you take a look at it, it's falling apart. They smell. They're dirty. They're criminal-ridden. You take a look at what's happened to our great cities.
It's a -- it's a shame. And, you know, a city -- and I hate to say it. I hurt myself. I have property there, San Francisco. I have a lot of property in California. It hurts me, but I don't care about this. What -- look, I was -- to be president is a big deal, so I don't give a damn about my property, but I own big property in San Francisco.
San Francisco -- now I lose another 25 million by this statement. That's what -- San Francisco is almost unlivable, and it's because of her. She was the DA who destroyed San Francisco. She then became the attorney general, and she destroyed -- along with Gavin Newscum, one of the worst governors in history. [Audience boos]
She destroyed California. More people moved out last year than moved in. First time that's ever happened. I mean, they have the best weather, in all fairness. In all fairness, they have the most incredible weather. And they have the beautiful ocean. They have the beaches. They have everything. And you got to work hard to screw that up, but he's done it.
He's done it. You know, they just passed a law on voter ID. Do you know that? That not only don't they have voter ID, but it's against the law for you to ask somebody for voter ID. [Audience boos] So, if you work at one of the very few places that would even have the consequence of asking -- because there are no places -- you know, they just mail out millions of ballots, and they come mail back in.
They don't know where the hell they're going, although they have a pretty good idea. They tend to go to Democrat neighborhoods a little bit more. But they mail out, like, 38 million ballots, and then they get mailed back in. They shovel them with shovels into cans and bullshit because -- I'll tell you what, if I ran in college -- you know, I went to California with a family of our great congressman and his wife, Ginger, who's incredible.
Matt Gaetz, Mrs. Gaetz. And their family had a little event in a beautiful part of California, and nobody could believe -- you couldn't even get on the streets. It looked like Lindbergh just arrived on Broadway. It was so crazy. We would do -- with a fair count, we would do great in California with the right guy.
Now, me, I would do great because Hispanics like me. I'm glad they love me. They should love me, and I love them. But I would do great if we had an honest vote. I always say if God came down just for one day to be the vote counter, in other words, we had -- I would win in California. I would. [Applause] That's a disgrace what happens.
Think of it. They send out millions and millions and millions of ballots. They go out. They come back. You know, it's interesting. When you go to a legitimate place like in Florida, they've done a very good job. But I go into Palm Beach. I go in. They say, "Sir, I know who you are. I mean, I fully understand who you are. You're the president. But, sir, could I see your identification?"
And I say, "You're doing the right thing." I actually say, "Don't be embarrassed." You know, they're very embarrassed. "Sir, I mean, I don't know how to ask, but could I see it?" I say, "Yeah. Here." "Oh, thank you, sir. I thought it was you." I thought -- no, they feel good. And then they give you a paper, and you sign the paper, and you put on whoever you're voting for.
Maybe there's a bond issue or something, and you do a check, and they're watching. And then you sign. They walk you over to, essentially, a container, but it could be in the form of a machine. The fewer machines you have, the better, by the way. The fewer you have -- you know, Elon Musk told me -- he's the greatest.
I would say -- you've got to say, in terms of computer, I would say he's probably about as good as you get. And, you know, I watched that big rocket come in two weeks ago. It came in. That sucker was going to crash. I said, "No, don't let it crash." I tell the story. I was talking to a very important person on the phone, very important, and I'm watching the screen.
It's muted. There's no sound, but I see this -- seeing live. And at first, I thought it might be like a space-type movie, you know, some kind of a crazy movie. But this rocket comes in, and it's all burned. You know, it's coming down at 10,000 miles an hour or some crazy speed, and it's just like on fire.
But now, it's like the size of a 22-story building. That's pretty big, right? And it's coming in, and I'm talking to this guy, and I say, "Do me a favor. Hold it just for a second, OK? I got to watch this." I put the phone down. I never picked it back up. Can you believe it? And because I'm president, but more importantly, because I may be president, he held on for 45 minutes.
The guy held on. You know, if I wasn't president or if I had no potential to be president, he would have hung up in the first 30 seconds. But I picked it up like 45 minutes later. I said, "Hello? Hello?" "Hello, President." Very important guy. Everybody heard of him. I felt so badly, but one of those things that I was fascinated.
So, I see this massive 22-story ship coming down, and you have the gantry or whatever the hell they call it nowadays and a ship, and it's coming too fast. And I'm saying, "Oh, no. Don't do that. I don't want to see it crash." And I didn't know it was Elon. I assumed it might be. I mean, why not? He has everything else.
But the ship is coming down, and then I see the bottom is going to hit that gantry. And then I see an explosion of fire, pushes it like that. Just perfect. The fire's all over the place. The whole thing is burning. The smoke, I never saw anything like it. Then boom. And then the arms come out. And just like you do your beautiful little baby, you grab that sucker, and it was secure. [Applause]
I said, "It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen." It was going to crash. The thing, the fire, and everything, just computer, right? It was all -- I called up Elon. I said, "Elon -- " You know, he gave us the greatest endorsement. He said it's the most important election we've ever had. Do you know where he is right now? He's campaigning in Pennsylvania.
Can you believe it? With all he's got to do because he thinks it's the most important thing he can do. But I said, "Elon, was that you? The rocket, was that you, Elon?" I called him up. "Hello?" And I said, "How are you doing, Elon?" "OK. What's up?" I said, "Elon, was that you with the rocket?" "Yeah."
And I said, "You're unbelievable." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No." "Why not?" "They don't have the knowledge, and they never will." I said, "Can China do that?" "No." I said, "Why not?" "Because I have the knowledge, and they don't. It would take them 10 years before they can do that." I said, "Can the U.S. do it outside of you?"
No. I said, "That's why I like this guy. That's why I like this guy." Hello, Mr. Senator. I just see you there. The Barrasso man, he's one of the greatest people. What a great -- I didn't know you were going to be -- I'm very impressed. I guess Sam Brown must be doing very well for you to be here, huh? We got the leader of the Senate.
We got the leader of the Senate here, and I know it's not for me. So, it has to be for Sam Brown, right? Thank you. Thank you. Senator Barrasso, he's unbelievable guy, and Sam is unbelievable. And we're going to get to him in two seconds, and he really is -- by the way, you know, I do the weave, right? You know the weave? It's genius.
It's genius. I can go here, but it's always related, maybe sometimes just a little tiny bit, but I can like -- here, over there because I look. I see them. I say, "Whoa, there's a senator, one of the biggest senators, maybe the most powerful guy." Because Mitch doesn't have it anymore. No, he may be the most powerful guy in the Senate, and I'm very impressed with you, Sam.
That's pretty good. That's pretty good. But nobody has given up more, right? Nobody has given up more who's run for the U.S. Senate than Sam Brown. Nobody. And we should put him in office. Nobody has given up what he's given. Defending us, defending us. And he's running against a horrible person, a radical-left lunatic.
But nobody's given up what that man has given up. And I say it, and he might not even like me to say it, but I say it because it's true. Nobody has given up ever, ever, that's ever run for the U.S. Senate. And I just hope he gets in, and he's very close. I saw a poll. You're right there, neck and neck.
Nice of you there, Barrasso. That's great. But they bullied you. They've demonized you. They've demeaned you. They've censored us. They've de-platformed us. You know, they took me -- I had 280 million between Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. And one day, I woke up, and I had nobody. Think of that. They took them all away from me.
No, think of that. And I have a lot of things to say. I have a lot of good things to say, at least I think they're good. And I didn't know what the hell to do. And I went about two months, and I had all this stuff, and my mind is ready to explode because I can't tell people. And then what happens, I did what's called an old-fashioned -- most of you are too young.
There's a couple of guys here that's fine. They know. They've heard it. But I did what's called an old-fashioned press release, and I do a press release, and I put it out, and it got better and better. Save America. It was called Save America, and people loved it. And then I created Truth. Think of this, Truth.
And it's hot as a pistol now. So, think of it. Somebody said -- a very smart guy, a Wall Street genius, he said to me, "You know, think of it. They hated you so much that they took you away from..." I had like 280. I know Mark Zuckerberg said I'm No. 1. No. 1, think of that. He came to the White House, and he's actually been very nice to me, I must say.
But he came to the White House. He said, "Congratulations, you're No. 1." But on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter then -- they called it Twitter. Now, they call it X but under a different regime. And it's great that Elon bought that. He's done us all a big favor because these were bad people. But -- so this friend of mine who's a great natural businessperson, he viewed it differently.
I said, "Can you imagine what they did?" But think of what happened. They de-platformed me, just like I said. They took my voice away. I then came up with a press release, and the press release went crazy. It was like almost as hot -- I may be just as hot. But then I said I got to open up some kind of equipment or machinery.
I got to do it like, you know, I want to do it. So, I couldn't do it then because they wouldn't even talk. They wanted me -- they wanted my voice silenced. So, I created Truth and, it's really good. It's very expensive to do that. You know, it's expensive stuff between the clouds and all the other crap that I had to learn about that I wasn't interested in.
I got a cloud I got everything. But this guy said to me the other day, he said, "Think about it. They de-platform you. They take your voice away. They want to destroy you. So, you, in a moment of weakness, develop your own source of information, and you do it at a high level. And you get great engineers, but it's still expensive, and you put it out, and then you open it up. And it's called Truth. And they said you couldn't get the name Truth because it was -- somebody else had to own it."
And I said, "Check." They said, "Sir, you'll never get the name Truth, sir. That's a term that you will never get." I said -- and you ideally need five letters, right? I said, "Wouldn't truth be great?" They said, "Sir, you won't get it. You won't get it." I said, "Check." "Sir, I will. But, sir, you're not going to get it."
I said, "Check." And they came back. "Sir, it was available, and we bought it for $2,000." Can you believe it? $2,000. And then it had a little burst. I don't know what the hell's going on. So, here's my friend. He said, "So, they de-platform you. They take it all away. They try and destroy you, and you open up something."
And as of yesterday, it was worth 10 billion crazy dollars. Did you see that? $10 billion, Mr. Senator. And they're going crazy. They all have Trump Derangement Syndrome. They're going -- can you imagine how they must feel? They take it away, and you open something that's worth $10 million? It's crazy, but it's good.
And by the way, use Truth. It's great. It really is. It's great. They've taken your money and thrown open your borders to criminals and terrorists, flooded your towns with deadly drugs and death, and given your jobs to illegal migrants and sent our blood and treasure to fight stupid foreign wars in places and countries that you've never even heard of.
This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare that you are not going to take it anymore. You're not going to take it anymore. What we've built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition and the greatest political movement, by far, in American history. And by the way, I say that all the time.
They've never challenged it. They can't challenge it. It's not even close. By the way, it's 100 times, 200 times greater than anything. There's never been anything like this. I always tell the story. Pat Buchanan was a great guy, conservative commentator. He came in second in New Hampshire, and he became very famous, and he had a phenomenal career because he came in second.
I came in first in 50 states, think of it, for the nomination, first in 50 states. And then we went on to win the presidency of the United States, and then we wanted a second time. But I guess we're going to have to do it a third time. We're going to do it a third time. And it's going to be if we do it together because it's not me.
It's all of us. It's us together. It's we. It'll be the greatest event in the history of politics in America. I believe that. There'll be nothing ever like it. And we're going to straighten out our country, and we're going to make America great again. It's going to be amazing. Five days. Oh, I can't wait.
You know what? I've worked for 62 days in a row. I haven't taken a day off. And by the way, I looked at her today. She was trying to justify the fact that they called us all garbage, and I watched her at a news conference. She's exhausted. She's finished. And about two weeks ago, after having worked for, like, you know, 50 days in a row, two weeks ago, she said -- I canceled the show.
You know why I canceled it? Because it was on NBC Fake News. I said -- somebody set me up. I said, "I don't want to do it." And I went to another show instead. She said, "He canceled the show." I did Joe Rogan for three hours, you know. Joe Rogan for three hours. She said, "He canceled the show. He looks very tired. He looks very, very tired,"
because I canceled the show, did another one. No, I cancel shows that are no good. NBC is no good. They're no good. ABC is no good. CBS is no good. And in fact, in honor of you, I just sued CBS today because of "60 Minutes." [Applause] You know why I sued them? Because she was on, and it was called election interference fraud.
Very simple. They asked her a question. She gave an answer as though she was one of the dumber people in the history of our country, certainly the dumbest vice president and would be beyond the dumbest president. But we're not going to let that happen. So, she gave one of these -- you know, they call it a word salad, but I don't like the term.
I don't like the term. No, I don't like the term. I think you're very nice, but I don't like the term. She came dressed as a word salad. Do you believe it? And he came dressed as a wall. Look. And I have no idea who she is, but she's a very pretty young lady. OK. Sit down. So, she answered a question.
It was a question. She gave this long, crazy -- if you read the answer, you would say there's something wrong with her. So, you know what "60 Minutes" did? Can you imagine them doing that for me? They took the -- it was a very long answer. She just went on and on, just words, didn't mean anything. "60 Minutes" and CBS cut it all out, and they took another answer for a meaningless question, and they put it up there.
You know that, right? They put it up there. They took it, and they put it up, and they replaced an answer that would show that she's not qualified cognitively, as I would like to say. I think she should take a cognitive test. She's not qualified. They took it out in its entirety, and they took another answer from someplace else, and they put it in.
That's called election interference fraud, OK? So, we sued them today. And I think CBS should lose its license, but I think ABC should lose its license also because of what they've done. We'll see. It's a hard one for them to explain. Well, let's say we have a fair judge. Well, exactly why did you do that? I mean, it's -- you know, I've seen where answers are sort of juggled around.
That's not good either, but a little tiny -- but to take the whole thing out and to take another answer from a totally different question and a totally different part and move it in -- and they got caught. And they don't want to show us any papers because they might have done it with many other answers.
And that's real interference. So, now we don't have to lock them up. They should lose their license, which is worth billions of dollars. But we brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers, and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed.
We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, and Arab Americans. Did you see, in Michigan, how well we're doing with the Arab Americans? That's great. That's good because we have a real good chance. We're leading in Michigan. We're leading in Pennsylvania.
We're leading all over the place. We're leading here. We're leading in Arizona by eight. A great poll just came out. We're leading by eight. We're leading all over the place. But we're uniting Christians and Jews, Catholics and Evangelicals, Muslims and Mormons, and everyone who simply wants to do one thing.
It's one simple thing they want to do. You know what it is? Make America great again. [Applause] So, our campaign has been endorsed by the 400,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, by the Border Patrol agents, by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters. And I'll tell you, headed up by a very good guy, Sean O'Brien.
Good guy. By Elon Musk. Well, we have so many. Yesterday, Elon, that's a great one. He feels it's so important. That guy, he's a worker, too. I'll tell you, he's working every single -- he's actually liking it. I hope he doesn't run for office. I don't want to run against -- but no, he's really working.
He's amazing. And, you know, yesterday, we were in Wisconsin, Green Bay, Wisconsin. So, who is Green Bay, Wisconsin? Brett Favre with the largest hand I've ever seen. He said, "Hello, sir." He shook my hand. His fingers are like a sausage. He's the biggest hands and strong guy, great guy. And he endorsed me yesterday in Wisconsin.
He's never done it before. [Applause] And he's great. He's a great guy. He can throw a ball 80 yards. He could rip the -- he could rip the hand. Sometimes, he threw it a little too hard. It rips the hands off the receiver. But he was great, one of the greatest. Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., we have. And he's going to work on health and women's health and all of the different reasons because we're not really a wealthy or a healthy country.
We're not. We're not. Actually, we're not a wealthy country either. We have 36 trillion, but we'll get that taken -- you know what's going to take care of that largely? The liquid gold is going to help us with that. That's why I told Bobby, "Bobby, I want you to take care of health. I want you to look at the food and the food supply and what we put on the food and all sorts. You can look at -- but let me handle the oil and gas, Bobby. Just leave me alone. Leave me alone. Leave me alone. I want to work the liquid gold."
And Buzz Aldrin endorsed us yesterday. Never done it. He's been a great hero and an astronaut for many years. He's never endorsed anybody. This is the first time in -- not a young guy. This is the first time in many years that -- first time he's ever endorsed. That was nice. Thank you, Buzz Aldrin. Kamala and Joe called them all garbage.
Those people, they called them garbage. They're us. Everybody's us. I think 250 million people are us. And I call you the heart and soul of America. That right. You're the people that built America. But we're especially excited to have the support of record numbers of Hispanic Americans. And right here in Nevada, we're going to win a record share of the Hispanic American vote at a level that nobody's ever seen before for the party because, you know, basically, it's pretty simple.
Hispanics want great jobs. They want rising wages, and they want safe communities. They're very -- they're great people, energy and very entrepreneurial. I know them well. They're really hard workers. They're great people. You don't want vicious gang members getting dumped into your state, and you don't want Kamala teaching your children that they can change their gender anytime they'd like.
You don't want that. [Audience boos] She came out with gender stuff. You don't want to know about it. And I don't know what's going on with Catholics, but many Hispanics are also Catholics, and Kamala is persecuting Catholics. What the hell did Catholics do? They are being persecuted. Look, she's raising her hand.
They're being persecuted. And by the way, Evangelicals, Christians are -- you're next. You'll be next if they win. She even suggested that being Catholic disqualifies you from being a federal judge or running for office. Do you believe that one? How old is that theory? That goes back a long way to Kennedy.
I mean, to Kennedy -- to John Kennedy. I will defend your jobs. I will protect your children, and I will defend religion. Kamala Harris is a low-IQ individual who is running a campaign of hate and anger and retribution. She's now talking about what she's going to do on the border. But why didn't she do it before? Four years.
Or she's going to do something about inflation. "I'm going to do something about it." She has no idea what the hell she's talking about inflation. She doesn't even know what the word means. But I say, but why didn't you do it before? I asked this question in a debate. Why didn't she do this stuff? "I'm going to do this and that."
She forgets she's been there for almost four years. But what she's going to do to help the economy, and I say, why didn't you do it before? Why didn't you do that before? You had four years almost. She and Crooked Joe head up the worst administration in the history of our country. They've made Jimmy Carter the happiest man around.
It's true. And in all fairness, look, he didn't allow 21 million people to pour into our country from all parts of the world, knowing nothing about them, and they turn out to be massive numbers of criminals and terrorists, terrorists at levels we've never seen before. Two nights ago, Kamala made a speech with a paid-for audience.
You know she can't get crowds. They send buses. You can't -- you got to send different -- you can't have all the same bus line taking everybody. I thought they did a good job. Actually, I'm going to use them sometime, but I don't need crowds. We got plenty of crowds. [Applause] But she made a speech, and all she talked about was Donald Trump.
The whole thing was about Trump. She was here for almost four years. They didn't do anything, the worst and a failed administration. What they did in Afghanistan, others would be prosecuted for it. And they didn't fire Milley. They didn't fire these generals that did a bad job. He's an incompetent guy, too.
They have a lot of incompetent people. We defeated ISIS. Remember that? That was much tougher. We did it surgically. We did it in four weeks. [Applause] She suffers from a very serious disease known as Trump Derangement Syndrome, TDS, but many Democrats do. They really do. They suffer -- the press suffers from it, too.
They're sick people. And you know why? You know why they do this? Because we're winning. We're all winning. Just remember that. Everything Kamala says is a lie. She says I want to take away Medicare and Social Security. It's crazy. I would never say that. Who would say that? Because if you do say that, that's your -- number one, it would be wrong.
And number two, it's the end of your political career. So, who would say that? I never said that. She said, "He wants to immediately end Social Security." She's crazy. Hillary Clinton wouldn't lie like that. We can't stand Hillary. She's crooked as hell. She says I want to end Obamacare, affordable health, OK? No, I never said that.
You got to -- I fixed it. I made it good, but it still stinks, OK? If we got something better, I would do it, if it was less expensive. It's too expensive, and it's not a very good form of health care. But if we got something better, I'd do it, but I never said I'm going to end it. She said, "He wants to immediately end it."
She talks about Project 2025 all the time. I have nothing to do with it. I've said it every way possible. I even said to a very good lawyer, "Am I allowed to sue them for continuously -- " We put it in writing. We sent it. And the lawyer said, "Well, sir, you're running a campaign. You've got a lot of liars in campaigns. You probably can't."
But she says that I want to ban IVF. It's fertilization. That's a lie. You better believe it because you've heard it. No, I'm like the father of IVF. When I heard about it -- and they had a bad ruling in Alabama. A judge ruled that all clinics have to be immediately closed. And I was called by Katie Britt, great senator from Alabama, and she said, "You have no idea. So many women, they're going crazy."
And I said, "Explain it. Just explain it." And after about five minutes, I said, "Well, we can do that. That's great. That's helping us to have beautiful, healthy babies. That's OK." And I actually said -- I wrote something out, and it was quite good, I must say, and it was very -- it was totally supportive.
And Alabama Legislature, the following day, passed exactly what I wrote. And we are totally in favor, but she said I want to end IVF. In fact, I want to get insurance companies to pay for the IVF if possible. We want to do it. And I'm going to protect Medicare and Social Security and your health care from Kamala's open-border catastrophe.
So, she's the one who threatens your health care, and according to recent studies, Kamala's plan for giving free health care to illegals will destroy Medicare. It will destroy our country. It will cost $2 trillion. She wants to do that. She will -- that's something she'll do. I will -- and by the way, if you tell them, then they're going to come.
And it's a tragedy. If you say you're not going to get it, then they're going to stay where they are, and it's not a tragedy. I will never let our country be destroyed. The reason Kamala's campaign has been reduced to this desperate, pathetic stream of hoaxes and lies is simple. The entire world can see she's a train wreck who is totally unqualified to be the president of the United States.
She's totally unqualified. [Applause] There are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure. And the more pressure Kamala is under, the more pressure she unravels. You know, people didn't know her. She's only had a few months because she had that little honeymoon period.
And remember, she was introduced, and she got on stage, and she went, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." It's like 50 times thank you. I say, "What the hell is wrong with her?" But the press never picked that up. If I did that, I would be -- it would be over.
Remember that, when she was -- right? Was that a little weird? She said it like 42 times. "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." But being a candidate is nothing compared to the pressure of being president. I know both. If she can't handle the press conference or the television interviews, which she can't -- she should do Joe Rogan.
I mean, it's a really good interview. Then she can't handle the presidency. She'll get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and most important job in history. [Applause] There's no participation trophy for incompetent candidates.
Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish person in the White House? That will -- that's going to happen. If that happens, it's going to happen. Do you want to lose your job or maybe your house or pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? She's a child.
Do you ever hear her talk about the economic situation? Oh, my, it's crazy. She shouldn't be here. The presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, Dwight Eisenhower, Ronald Reagan, Ronald Reagan, and people of strength and high intelligence. Would you trust Kamala to talk to Russia or China about nuclear war? [Audience responds "No"] But I can.
We had no wars. And China paid us hundreds of billions of dollars. And Kamala -- think of this, hundreds of billions of dollars, China. And Russia, I ended their pipeline. They had Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever heard of it until I said, "Wait a minute. They're building a pipeline in Europe that's going to Germany with offshoots all over the place. They're going to build a pipeline."
I terminated that pipeline, and then they said, "He's been nice on Russia." Think about that, Matt. I've been nice on Russia. I terminated the biggest job they've ever even conceived of, and then they say, "Oh -- " But I do get along with Putin. And, you know, that's a good thing. And I get along with President Xi, and I get along with Kim Jong Un.
But they respect us. They respect us a lot. Now, they laugh at us. They think we're a joke. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis? [Audience responds "No"] Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a person with a very low IQ. You wouldn't put Kamala in charge of, literally, a kindergarten class.
You wouldn't. So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone that's grossly incompetent in charge of the future of our country? I don't think so. On top of all that, Kamala says she would do nothing differently. She was asked that question. Please look.
Nothing comes to mind. Oh. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand, the worst at 325,000 young, beautiful children went through her open border, and they've never been seen again. They're probably dead, or they're sex slaves or slaves of some kind or captives. Remember that. And the press is -- I've never seen a story about it from those fakers back there.
Think of that. [Audience boos] Think of that, 325,000 children. And then you remember, a couple of weeks ago, it came out that 818,000 fake jobs were created so that they could show how great they're doing. But they were all fake, 818,000 fake jobs. And then a whistleblower -- thank you very much, Whistleblower.
They were going to report a change after the election. They were going to report that it was -- they wouldn't say it this way, but essentially, it was a fraud on our country. And I never saw them write anything about it. Think of it, 800,000 jobs plus 18,000, 818,000 jobs, almost a million jobs were fraudulently created.
But they got caught before the election. Aren't I lucky? I mean, think what would have happened. They would have announced it a week later, and everyone would have said, "So what?" These people are fraudulent. If you want to end this disaster, you must -- this is a disaster. You must get out, and you must vote.
We're thrilled to be joined tonight by your next senator, Sam Brown. Stand up, Sam. Great. He is doing some job. And thank you very much, Senator Barrasso, for being here. It's a great honor to have you. It's a great honor, a great honor. He's a fantastic man, by the way. Senator Markwayne Mullin. Don't fight this guy either.
He's a rough -- where is he? Where's Markwayne? The hell happened to him? He's probably out fighting somebody. He's a hell of a fighter. Thank you. Thank you, Markwayne. Thank you. Lieutenant Governor Stavros Anthony. Thank you, Stavros. Looking good. Thank you very much. And he's working very hard on getting out the vote and, maybe even more importantly, the honesty of the vote.
We have everything we need now. We just need a little honesty. You and the governor are doing great. Thank you very much. Congressman from Florida, he's a great guy. He's really great. Matt Gaetz and his wife, his beautiful wife, Ginger. Ginger, stand up. Matt and Ginger. This is a good-looking couple.
This is a seriously good-looking couple, but they're a great couple. Your Congressional candidate who's really looking good, Drew Johnson. Thank you, Drew. Nevada Republican Party chairman, Michael McDonald. Thank you, Michael. Five days, Michael. Five days. Thank you, everybody. So important that we win this state.
If we win this state, it's over. It's over. A friend of mine, a great television star. He's been on for a long time. I don't even know what the hell it is. But when you're on for more than two seasons, you're, like, considered good. This guy's been on for years and years, and he's big stuff. Rick Harrison.
Where is Rick? Oh, Rick. Hi, Rick. How many years, Rick? Yeah. He's been on there for a long time. Thank you, Rick. Great job. Another friend of mine, a great writer, very powerful writer. I guess we could call him conservative, to put it mildly. Wayne Allyn Root. Thank you, Wayne. Great guy. Thank you, Wayne.
Thank you for your support. Wayne is always supporting. I really appreciate -- we have the very similar philosophy that way. He's been great. And my friend, Steve Witkoff, who's one of the great developers in the country. Steve Witkoff, he's always there with his checkbook to help people. He goes to North Carolina.
He writes out a big check. No matter where he goes, he just -- he's like a walking money pit. He's got a lot of cash. But he's a very generous guy, and he's a great, talented businessperson. He's great, a great man. But here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.
She destroyed our economy. She destroyed San Francisco. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being president of the United States. See, we've learned about her. We didn't know anything about Harris. We didn't know anything about her.
We've learned about her. She had that little honeymoon period. I really figured that these guys were right. Wayne, you were right about honeymoon. You said it was going to last six weeks, and you were right probably, I think, to the day. I'm very impressed with you, Wayne. Kamala vowed to abolish ICE.
She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun owners. [Audience boos] Would anybody like to give up their gun tonight, please? [Audience responds "No"] She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention, all at taxpayer expense. Now, think of it. This is where she is.
This is her whole life until about a year ago, when she realized this was not playing very well to the country. And she did one other thing. She lied about working at McDonald's. To me, that's a big deal. In conclusion, your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we're going to save America.
We're going to save America. We will cut your taxes and inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to Nevada. We will build American. We will buy American, and we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never started if I was president.
I will also stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. You would have had -- all those people would be living happily today. And I will prevent World War III from happening. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country. It's going to all be made in the USA. That will include Nevada. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our school and quickly. We will keep men out of women's sports if that's OK. And I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and we are going to protect our citizens like never before.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation very soon once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope.
And that beautiful American dream is going to be back and stronger than ever. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig. [Applause] You need to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we've been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth, people like Adam Shifty Schiff.
Can you imagine that bum is going to be a senator? Can you imagine? Maybe there's a one percent chance. Who knows? He's a bum. He lied like hell. Adam Shifty Schiff. We have senators sitting over here. They can't even believe it. He's a bum. He's a liar. He's a crooked guy. He's a crooked man. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and five days from now, it's the hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love.
We will take it back. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. And we will never, ever surrender. [Applause] Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, Nevada. Get out and vote.
Get out and vote. Thank you very much. God bless you all. God bless you.
Thank you. Wow. Well, thank you very much, North Carolina. You are a special group of people. In fact, my beautiful little grandchild, the most beautiful little girl you've ever seen, is named Carolina. Do you know that? It's true. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
But I'd like to ask you one very simple, easy-to-answer question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"]
I don't think so. I'm here today with a message of hope for all Americans with your vote in this election. Oh, it's coming up. So nice, we're down to six days, maybe sort of five. Maybe five, the way you count it. Six days, can you imagine, I will end inflation, I will stop the massive invasion of criminals into our country, and I will bring back a thing called the American Dream.
Isn't that nice? Because we haven't had that. We haven't had that in a long time. Our country will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before. And this election is a choice between whether we'll have a -- four more years. Think of this, four more years of gross incompetence, the most corrupt, horrible people.
These are horrible people. Oops, we should get along with everybody. They're horrible people. You know, some people you just can't get along with. You can't. But whether we're going to have four years of incompetence and failure or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country, that's what's going to happen.
And I'm asking you to be excited about the future. Again, you have to be excited about -- we have a great potential. If we have to go another two days beyond that term, we're not going to have a great -- we have to get this done now because we're not going to have a second chance. There will never be a be -- there'll never be a second chance.
It's too far gone. We're really -- you know, we are a failing nation. We are a nation in decline, but don't worry. We will not be a nation in decline for too much longer, I'll tell you. We'll be a nation of incline as opposed to decline, but I'm asking you to dream big again. You're going to have to dream big again.
It's going to be hard for you to do that because you've gone through a long period, but we had some great four years. This will be America's new golden age. This will be better than what we had even four years ago. Remember, we were energy-independent. We had everything. Every problem facing us can be solved, but now, the fate of our nation is in your hands.
And this is a very important state. Number one, I love the state. Number two, we've always won. I won the primaries, and I won the elections. And I didn't have to worry about it. [Applause] So, you know, if you think, 2016, we did great. 2020, we did much better actually, you know? They say, "Oh, he's a conspiracy theorist."
We only got about, what, 12 million more votes, right? But this is the best of all. This is -- there's more enthusiasm than there was for even 2016 or 2020. This is the -- the best. Nobody's ever seen it. [Applause] I just saw General Kellogg wherever he may be backstage. Where is he? Oh, there he -- look at that general.
He's a real general, not like Milley -- not like Milley. Not like Kelly, low -- he's a low-IQ guy, but he is a -- this is a real general. He's great. But he said backstage, "Just reminds me, sir, of 2016." I said, "Thank you very much." That's a good -- that's a good reminder, isn't it? He's a great guy.
This Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, that you're not going to take it anymore. Kamala, you're fired. Get the hell out of here. Get out of here. Get out of here, Kamala -- the hell out of here. The worst vice president, the worst border czar. She's the worst border czar in the history of the world -- has never been a border in the history of the world that allowed criminals to pour through.
Twenty-one million people, think of it. Well, we're running a campaign of solutions to save America, an America which they have virtually destroyed during their almost-four-year period of rule. Kamala Harris, a low-IQ individual, is running a campaign of hate, anger, and retribution. See, I'm very nice to them.
They're not nice to me. She spends all of her time complaining about everything but does nothing about it. She's going to do this; she's going to do that. Why the hell didn't she do it, right? [Applause] So, now, she's talking about what she's going to do on the border. Well, I'm going to do this and that and this and that.
All they had to do was leave the border alone. We had the safest border in the history of our country. In fact, to prove it, put up my chart, the favorite chart. I love that chart. I love that chart. That was the day I left office. We had the lowest number ever. The day I left office was where the red arrow is on the bottom.
And then it became like an Elon Musk rocket ship, right? Look at that. Look what happens to it. Right after that, it went to hell. They let it go to hell. We had Remain in Mexico. You couldn't come into our country. You had to remain -- you think that was easy to get from Mexico? I had to be very threatening.
I said, "You're not going to do it?" "No, sir, we're not. Why would we do that?" I said, "Because if you don't do it, I'm going to put a 100 percent tariff on your cars coming in." "Sir..." True. Took me about one minute. They went from "We will absolutely not do that, sir. Why would we do a thing like that -- Remain in Mexico -- they have to remain in your -- I said, "No, no.
I'll tell you why." You know why? They went from that to saying, "Sir, we would be delighted to do whatever you like." Whatever you -- I said we're going to put 100 percent tariff on your cars if you don't do it. So, they said we'd love to have our people have -- we would love to have MS-13 gang members, criminals, people from mental institutions stay in our country. "
It would be our great honor, sir." It was really amazing. It took less than a minute. But -- or what she's going to do about inflation. "I'm going to do things about..." She caused the inflation by screwing up my energy policies. She caused the inflation and spending way too much money on the green new scam. She caused it. But why didn't she do something about it, right? Or what she's going to do to get the economy going. We're going to do this and that. By the way, her plans are the plans of a simpleton. They're not going to work. We'll be in a depression like 1929. "
What we're going to do to get the economy..." But why didn't she do it? Why didn't she do all these things? She's saying we're going to do this. She's trying to disassociate herself from Sleepy Joe Biden. [Audience member calls out "She's an idiot"]
I like this audience. I didn't say it. Well, the guy said, "Who just said that?" He can handle himself. He screams, "She's an idiot." But I didn't say it. I didn't say it. In fact, I'd like to admonish you. Sir, you should not say that, please. This way, the press can't get me. You know, they say, well, I know you want -- it's really good.
Well, no, I don't -- I don't accept that, sir. I would never accept a thing like that, no. But she is -- he can handle himself, that guy, too. She and Crooked Joe head up the worst administration in the history of our country. They've made Jimmy Carter look like a truly great president. In all fairness to Jimmy, he didn't let 21 million people, many of them criminals and those that are mentally ill pour into our country.
He didn't let -- Jimmy Carter didn't allow that to happen. Last night, Kamala made a speech -- not much of one -- with a paid-for audience, and all she talked about was Donald Trump.
Do you believe it? [Audience chants "Trump"] Because she and Joe have no achievements, only failure and gloom. See, that was so perfect. It worked out perfectly. I said, "How am I going to say..." Normally you'd stop, and you'd say, "Please take a look at the video." But I have some very talented people.
I say -- when I say Donald Trump, you just let that go. They did a good job. And then I finished the sentence because they have no achievements -- because they have no -- because they're a disaster. She suffers from a very serious disease known as Trump derangement syndrome. Trump derangement syndrome.
TDS. Sometimes referred to as TDS. It's quite serious. It's inflicted havoc on some lives. But many Democrats suffer from that disease, and it's only because of one reason: because we're winning. Because we're winning. [Applause] This week, Kamala has been comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history.
And now, speaking on a call for her campaign last night, Joe Biden finally said what he and Kamala really think of our supporters. He called them garbage. [Audience boos] And they mean it, even though, without question, my supporters are far higher quality than Crooked Joe or Lying Kamala. [Applause] My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple: You can't lead America if you don't love Americans.
You just can't. And you can't be president if you hate the American people. And there's a lot of hatred there. Kamala Harris is not fit to be president of the United States. She doesn't have the intellect, the stamina, or that special quality that real leaders must have to lead. We know what that is.
It's a special quality. Joe Biden's comments were the direct result of Kamala's and Tim Walz's. You know -- you know who that is? His decision to portray everyone who isn't voting for them as evil or subhuman -- you're not subhuman. I'm looking at you. You are not subhuman. And we know it's what they believe because look how they've treated you.
They've treated you like garbage, frankly. They've treated you like garbage. You know what, the truth is, they've treated our whole country like garbage, whether they meant to or not, because they're grossly incompetent people. And they've destroyed our country. Our country is suffering right now like it's never suffered with inflation.
And with the infliction -- think of it, they've allowed millions and millions of people to come into our country that are criminals, that are the highest level criminals. Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine -- Border Patrol, which endorsed me, by the way, very strongly. [Applause] And it wasn't like I had any competition.
Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine murderers, many of them murdered more than one person. Thirteen -- this comes -- these are the numbers from Border Patrol during their term. Thirteen thousand and ninety-nine murderers were let into our country. You have drug lords, you have terrorists, you have people from mental institutions, they're all let into our country, and I actually feel it's number two or number three on the list of things.
Number one is the economy, number two is inflation, number three is what they've done to our border, what they've done to our country. They call it immigration. It's not immigration. It's horrible. It's horrible. And I think that it's -- frankly, should be number one on the list. I think inflation is terrible.
What they've done with inflation is gross incompetence, but when they allow 21 million people -- and it's probably much more. That doesn't even include the gotaways. You know, gotaways, these are people that just run across the border. What they've done to our country is -- is never -- there's never -- there's never going to be an excuse for what they've done to this country.
For the past nine years, Kamala and her party have called us racist, bigots, fascists, deplorables, irredeemables, Nazis, and they've called me Hitler. They've called me Hitler. [Audience boos] You know, many years ago, I had a father who was a great guy. He was a strong guy, a legitimate guy, strong.
But, you know, he always used to tell me, "Never use the word Nazi, and never use the word Hitler." Now, we're called Nazis, and I'm called Hitler. I'm not Hitler. Boy, my father, he's looking down. Well, my mother, I know she's looking down. My father is a little questionable because he's -- he was a little rough.
I think he's looking down because he was a good guy. He was a strong guy, but he was a good guy. But he's looking down. He said, "Can you imagine, that's what they're calling my son. I told him for years, literally, never use the term Nazi or Hitler." Now, they're using it on us; it's unbelievable. They've bullied you.
They've demeaned us. They've demonized us and censored us and de-platformed us and weaponized the power of our own government against us. They've gone after their political opponent, me. It's unbelievable. Did you see, "Donald Trump wants to put us in jail. Donald Trump is going to go after some of the scum that you see back there."
That you see back there that's so dishonest. "Donald Trump is doing horrible things. He wants to put us in prison." That's what they've been trying to do to me for three years. They got the story mixed up. And we won the big case in Florida already. And we're doing very well. We're doing very well. Remember, "Oh, we got him in Florida."
That was the documents case, and I had the Presidential Records Act and lots of other things. But Joe Biden had the same case, except times 10, because he took it out when he wasn't president. He did a lot of things, and they found him guilty. But they let him go because he was mentally incompetent. But they said he could be president.
So, they said he can't stand trial, he's mentally incompetent, he's got no memory, and he's just got it. He just doesn't have what it takes, OK? But think of this, here's the ruling. He can't stand trial because he's mentally incompetent, but he can be the president of the United States. Figure that one out.
Mr. Congressman, figure that one out, Hudson. Can you imagine? They have taken your money. They've thrown open your borders to criminals and terrorists. They've flooded your towns with deadly drugs and death. They've given your jobs to illegal migrants and sent our blood and treasure to fight really stupid foreign wars, countries that you've never heard of, countries that you and your children have never even heard of.
This Tuesday is your chance to stand up and declare that you are not going to take it anymore. You're not going to take it. [Applause] Six days from now, we can turn the page forever on this failed and corrupt administration. They are corrupt. They are failed, and they're corrupt. They're the worst administration.
Joe Biden is the worst president in the history of our country. And his partner -- now, she's trying to convince everyone, "Oh, well, I really had nothing to do with anything, you know." I'm sure he loves hearing that. She is the worst vice president in the history of our country. By the way, if you go back a few months, everybody was saying she's the worst vice president.
She's incompetent. She's a dope. She's everything you could imagine. All of a sudden, they decided they better get politically correct, OK? And they chose her over 12 people that are far more competent. We can declare once and for all that we are done with their hatred; we are done with their hysteria; we are done with their hoaxing, lying, cheating, scheming, plundering, and stealing. [Applause]
And we're not going to let them divide and destroy America any longer. And that goes for Barack Hussein Obama, too. He's a divider. He's a divider. And Michelle, oh, she said bad things about me. Ooh, Michelle got out there the other day. Ooh. I've been very nice to her. I guess that means I don't have to be nice anymore, right? Oh, this is -- I'm looking forward to this.
No, Obama was a great divider. He was a great, great divider. What we have built is the biggest, broadest, most incredible coalition, and the greatest political movement in American history -- I think in any history, if you want to know the truth. It's made up of the hardworking men and women who make this country run, who make this country great.
We've brought together veterans and union members, soldiers and steelworkers, farmers and autoworkers and patriotic moms and dads of every race, religion, color, and creed. Right? We're welcoming historic numbers of African Americans and Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans and Arab Americans. And we're uniting Christians and Jews and Catholics and evangelicals and Muslims and Mormons and everyone who simply wants one thing.
They want one thing: to make America great again. That's all they want. Right? Our campaign has been endorsed by the 400,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police. And I don't believe there's a police organization in America that hasn't endorsed us. And I don't believe there's even a single policeman or policewoman, a cop -- that's another thing.
My father always used to say, "Never call them cops. That's disrespectful." I don't know. I -- I think -- look, I'm going with my father, so we're going to say policeman or policewoman. "Never call them cops. That's disrespectful, son." I don't know. Makes sense. If my father said it, I'd do it. But think of that, I don't think a single policeman or policewoman has endorsed her.
She was a leader of defund the police. That's hard to get an endorsement. "Yes, I was in charge of defunding the police for 10 years. I'd love to have your endorsement." But then we had the Border Patrol agents who were so incredible. For four years, they haven't called her -- she hasn't called. Think of this, four years -- I said, "Has she ever called? Has Biden ever called?" Sleepy Joe -- no.
I said, "You don't mean no, you mean -- maybe they haven't called you, but have they called you?" We had the top 10 leaders up. They gave me the best endorsement you've ever heard and the worst statement about her. They said she's grossly incompetent, and then she's supposed to be running. I don't believe -- you know, they say it's like a close race.
I can't believe it's a close race. Not -- not that I -- you know, I just can't believe it. But I said, "Did she ever call you?" "No, sir. Never once." I said, "You mean in almost four years, no?" "She never called, sir." Never once. Nobody. She never called anybody. She was in charge of the border, whether you call her border czar.
She doesn't want that name anymore because it was so bad. She did such a bad job, but she was in charge of the border -- think of this -- and she never called the Border Patrol one time in four years. By the rank and file membership of the Teamsters who endorsed us, I will tell you, the Teamsters that was -- we got 62 percent or something.
And that's -- and I got the endorsement. Oh, what a beautiful endorsement. Because I love brilliant people. We don't have too many of them. We have to protect our brilliant people. We only have -- there aren't too many of them. There aren't too many of them, period. But a certain guy that took a rocket that's 22 storeys tall and came back down, and those thrusters went off.
And I said, "Oh, no, it's going to crash into the gantry. It's going to crash. It's going to be terrible." But it didn't. It came down, and it was just about ready. And then the fire blew out of the bottom on the left side, and it moved it over and then it came here and it came down. And to those two big arms grabbed it like you grab your baby -- like you grab your baby.
Right? Elon Musk gave us a great endorsement, and you know -- [Applause] Oh, I just spotted somebody. I didn't know he was going to be there. Is that who I think it is? My eyes aren't what they used -- stand up, please, would you? Huh? Yes. How are you? Huh? And look at these two. Look at these two. These two ladies have been with us, and this guy has been by their side right from the beginning.
In fact, they take the place oftentimes of some of our Front Row Joes, so -- very successful people. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. But Elon gave us an endorsement that was beautiful. He said it's the most important election we've ever had. If Trump doesn't win -- and he doesn't -- you know, he wants to just -- he's a very straight shooter.
If Trump doesn't win, he said, we don't have a country anymore. We're not going to have a country. And it was amazing, actually. And you know where he is right now? He's campaigning for me in Pennsylvania. Can you imagine? [Applause] You know, he told me something very interesting. He said, you know, for an election to be really on the up and up, you have to use paper ballots.
He said that to me. Now, here's a guy who I would say is the all-time genius at computers. You know, he was telling me that when you see those rockets firing, he said the computers are more important than the engines. I understand. He knows more about computers than anybody I've ever met, and I know some pretty smart people.
I had an uncle that was at MIT, a professor for 41 years, the longest-serving professor ever. I have something in my blood about that. Elon knows more about computers than anybody there is. Every time you see those rocket ships land like in the ocean on a raft with a circle, boom. It's like unbelievable, right? And he said, for purposes of voting -- because there's never a computer that's not easily cracked.
Easily if you're a genius; more difficult if you're less than a genius. But he said, the best -- the best way to have an election is very simple: paper ballots, voter ID, proof of citizenship, same-day voting. And he said same-day voting. And there's a guy who's the -- the No. 1 computer guy, you would think -- you know, it's interesting.
Paper ballots would cost eight percent of what you have. Now, I'm hearing all sorts of stories. We're not going to have the result by Tuesday night. We spent all this money on computers, if you go back to paper ballots -- and it's watermarked. You know, paper is now very sophisticated, believe it or not.
It's all watermarked, you can't play around with it. They can check it immediately. It's all like identified. But paper ballots -- so, think of it, eight percent -- it would cost eight percent of what the machines cost. Now, they hate when I talk about this, but I just want to see one thing. I don't care whether it's machines or whatever's going to be the best.
But if paper is the best -- paper -- one-day voting. You know why, because we don't want the air conditioning to be fixed, "Oh, excuse me, you'll have to move those ballots in that room. We're going to fix the air conditioning." "Oh, where are we going to move them?" "Well, let's move them out of the place for a little while. We'll move them back next week."
Oh, where are they? There were 14 boxes. Now, there are six. What happened to the rest of them? You know -- no, one-day voting. You have one-day voting. We used to have one-day voting. By the way, France went back to paper. France had 39 million people. They had voter ID. They had proof of citizenship.
That's all. They didn't have mail-in -- you know, mail-in -- how about California? They mail out about 38 million ballots, 38 -- it's like -- it's like you're throwing them off a building, 38 million. And then they get sent back somewhere, nobody knows where. And then they always announce that the Republicans, about 5 million short without fail because I believe that if we had an honest election -- if God came down from on high and God said, I will be -- "I will be the voting tabulator for the day," I believe I would win California because I do great -- I do great with the Hispanics.
I believe I'd win. We need God as our vote counter just one day every four years. We won't even go after the two. We won't even talk about for the Congress people that we have sitting all over the place, just for the presidential elections. If we had God, oh, boy, would it be a lot easier and a lot better.
The other thing we need is we need a -- we need an honest and respected press. We don't have that. [Applause] So, I want to thank Elon Musk, and I just thought I'd give you his words of wisdom, but that's what he said. He said paper ballots are the way to go, and it's the only way to go. And it's -- you're talking about a fraction of the cost.
And you would have the election determined -- solidly determined by 9 o'clock or 10:00, whatever time you want. They put them in boxes. They seal the boxes. They hand the boxes. Every box has so many -- I mean, you would have an accurate count by 9 o'clock, 10 o'clock, or 11 o'clock, whichever hour you chose.
And they had that in France. It ended at 10 o'clock. The vote was broadcast. Nobody said, oh, I won or I didn't. It was -- everyone went home. They had a winner, and they had a loser. Everybody went home. It's a shame. And we're talking about for a fraction. If you -- if you said it cost 10 times more, you should do it, but it cost only about eight percent of what they spend for machines that send these results to who knows -- who knows where.
Very, very unfortunate. Very unfortunate. You know, we got -- last time, we got more votes than any sitting president in the history of our country. But we lost, they say. They say we lost. We're also endorsed by somebody that loves healthy people. He wants to make our country so healthy. And he's a great guy.
No, he wants to make our country -- he also has a big thing on the environment. And I'll tell you what. I say that's OK, but you can't touch our liquid gold, Robert. Bobby Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., RFK Jr. And he's going to work. And he does. He's very strong on, you know, the pesticides and all of the different things.
And you know what, we don't have a very healthy country. When you look at our country compared to other countries, we are not a healthy country. And he says we're going to make it a healthy country. I say, good, Bobby, but do me one favor. Don't touch the oil and gas. Let me handle that. I'll handle the oil and gas.
We're not going to let him get involved. We're not going to let him get involved in the oil and gas. We'll listen. No -- we'll watch that. We're going to be very careful with our liquid gold. That's one of the biggest assets we have as a country. We have more liquid gold than anybody, including Saudi Arabia or Russia.
Tulsi Gabbard came in, highly respected, a woman of great common sense. And they just gave me the name because I've had great respect, but I didn't know exactly why they had him on, Buzz Aldrin. Very respected, the great astronaut and highly respected. But I thought it was an unusual because we have a lot of people that endorsed us and thought -- and do you notice" The Washington Post" and "Los Angeles Times" and all these papers, they're not endorsing anybody.
You know what they're really saying? Because they only endorse Democrats. They're saying this Democrat's no good. They're no good. And they think I'm doing a great job; they just don't want to say it. Washington -- and "USA Today." Congratulations. I just heard "USA Today" has not endorsed. They said, "We're not going to endorse."
That means that they think she's no good. But Buzz Aldrin's very interesting because -- great astronaut -- but he's -- he's not the youngest person in this room. But he's a very sound man and great, looks fantastic. What he did is he said, "I've never endorsed anybody in my life before," like General Kellogg.
I've never endorsed -- of course, he started endorsing me approximately about a minute after I announced I was running, but that's because he's a smart general, right? One minute. Was it one minute or was it 30 seconds? But Buzz Aldrin, for the first time in his life -- he said, "This is the first time I've ever made an endorsement."
Never made an endorsement. "I'm endorsing Donald J. Trump," isn't that nice? So, thank you, Buzz Aldrin. And I like him, too. I've always admired him. Kamala and Joe call them, all of those people that I just named and all of the people here and -- and I think, probably, more than 200 million people in this country -- you know, we really don't know how many we have because those borders have been opened so badly, you don't know.
You know, other countries can tell you approximately what they have. I don't think this country does. But let's say you had 350 million people. If she won, you'd have 600 million people in about three years. You'd have open borders -- the whole world -- every criminal from all over the world. Well, we're going to have that pretty soon anyway, but we're going to deport them out of here fast.
But let's say 225 million people, she's essentially -- and he's calling him garbage. They're a team, by the way. Oh, she -- she hated that last night when she heard that. Although, honestly, I don't think she's smart enough to know what it really means. What that meant, that makes "deplorable" look like baby stuff, right? Deplorable with her -- remember Hillary? She said, "Deplorable and irredeemable."
And I said, "Oh, what a terrible term to use the word irredeemable." I didn't know that, somehow, irredeemable -- I think it's worse, right? But you know what's worse than anything, garbage. We're garbage. We're garbage. And I call you the heart and soul of America. You're the people that built America. [Applause]
And together on November 5th, we're going to bring our country back to levels of greatness never seen before. And I tell you, you know -- look, North Carolina, it has been special. You know, when you just win a place, I love you. I love Alabama. They -- you know, in Alabama, I win by 48 points. Even you haven't caught us on that.
Tennessee -- we have so many great states that really love us. But, you know, the nice thing is when you have a place that you can just rely on, where you can really rely -- [Audience member calls out "I love you, Trump"]
I love you, too. Look at her. She's -- she's so beautiful. She's all excited, I love it. I do. And there's Mr. Wall. See that jacket? He's -- you know, he's a genius. He's -- he's one of the smart people. He's a -- he makes a lot of money. He's a professional, but he -- he likes these rallies. I think it's like 279 rallies, can you believe it? He likes -- he likes Trump.
He likes Trump, and I like him. I feel comfortable because it's a wall. We always needed a wall. And one day, I'm going to find out where you bought that suit, and I'm going to wear it to one last -- because, you know, it's sad. We've done this for nine years. We had the greatest rallies in the history of the world.
Chancellors, and prime ministers, people would tell me they watch the rallies from Europe. They -- everybody watches our rallies. Everybody loves our rallies. We never have an empty seat. They try and demean us like that horrible, horrible person that I debated where she said, "And people leave early."
Nobody leaves early. If I saw them leaving early, you know what I would say? "And, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. And make America great again." And then I'd leave, right? That way they could -- but I've never had to do that. I'm very capable of doing that, you know? But nobody should. "People leave early," and then I hit her hard on that.
I said, "No, we have the greatest rallies in the world." There's never an empty seat, and nobody leaves early. And they said -- and the fake news people like Brit Hume -- the fake news people said, "Oh, he fell into a trap." She's got no trap. She's got no -- this is not a trap. When somebody says something you have and if it's wrong, you like to say, "No, that's not..."
It takes about five seconds, and you want to put it on the record that they're wrong. "He fell into a trap." The real trap was you had David Muir during the debate. I had the Biden debate, and that didn't work out too well for him. And then we had the other one, and I think I did better, that second one with her.
You know, she talked about the grass, "What are you going to do about the economy?" "Well, I grew up in an area where I had a grass yard." Saying -- I actually think in a certain way, Biden was better than her, OK? But -- but, you know, you had David Muir, and he -- I said, "Crime is soaring all over our nation. The migrants are pouring in."
And he said -- and he stops me, "Crime is not soaring. Crime is going down." Because he believed the FBI statistics which were a fraud. And then it came out the following day that crime was in fact soaring at levels that nobody had ever seen before. They didn't include certain cities. I won't mention the cities because I have a lot of friends in those cities.
But they didn't include certain cities for their statistical review. What a shame. What a shame. We need great FBI. We -- the people in the FBI are so incredible to -- I'll bet you, if they took a poll in the FBI, it'd be -- I think I'd be -- FBI, I think I'd be at 97, 98 percent. I really believe it.
You know, I think I'd be. But they have some people that just don't want to do it. They don't want to do their job properly. It's a shame. We got to -- we have a lot of things we're going to correct in this country. We have to correct them because we need -- we need honesty. We just need some basic truth.
But David Muir -- so, this guy, David Muir, you know, pretty boy, he goes, "That's not true." I don't think he's that good-looking anymore. Time does that. Time does that. No, but that's terrible. He interrupted me like, what, 11 times or something, right? Every time I said something, "That's not true."
And then he had a woman, who I never heard of, don't know her name, don't want to know her name. She's not very good at what she does either. But when he didn't interrupt me, she did. And if you look, I was right about -- just about, Mr. Congressman, I think just about everything. I was right about just about everything. [Audience member calls out "You're always right!"]
They -- he said, "Trump was right about everything." How about the hat? "Trump was right about everything." "Trump was right about everything." But we've said -- now -- but think of it. So, I was -- that must have been the first one. I followed that storm right in. But I saw the devastation. I actually came back the following week because it was -- I didn't want to get in anyone's way.
It was a travesty. It was a vicious -- it was water. The water was the worst we'd ever seen. It was a water hurricane, that's what it was. And it took houses right off the foundations and ripped the foundations, concrete foundations, like they were -- like they were paper. And I saw areas that were just like gone, and yet you've set an all-time record in early voting.
Think of it, the deadline you have set up till the date -- now, here are people -- I'm talking about most of you who come from this area. Some people are coming from outside of North Carolina, but in North Carolina, these are people that have been devastated. They've lost their homes at a minimum, especially in certain areas.
They broke records in every single area, and some of the people, they didn't even have a home anymore. They were living in tents. No -- but what kind -- how great -- and then they -- they, those lowlifes, call you garbage. No, no, think of that. Think -- think of how bad it is. They have the nerve to say that.
Think of the fact -- you know, when we were looking at the -- when we were looking at the numbers and the various states, and we came to North Carolina and it just was hit by that horrible hurricane. And it just hit the hardest. I mean, others were hit badly, too, but you were really -- I mean, you were just wiped out.
I said, you know, if we get 30 percent of the people to vote -- and it was pretty much a Trump district, most of the -- you know, most of the area. I said, "Wow, that's -- that's bad. That's bad for a lot of reasons." Number one was it's bad, and people died. That's, by far, the most important. But from the standpoint of the voting, I said, "You know, if we get 30 or 40 percent, that's amazing."
That will be -- they broke the all-time record, think of it. Think of it. [Applause] You're superior people, OK, not garbage. You're superior people. If anybody would have -- nobody -- I went to one of the big pollsters. I said -- I was talking to them right after we got those numbers because the numbers are coming in great.
We're doing great in North Carolina. That doesn't mean you don't vote. Now, you go on Tuesday, and you just vote, vote, vote. Right? [Audience member calls out "We've got you"]
But you got to -- he says we've got you. But no. But when you think -- I said to a pollster. I said, "What do you think the chances are?" He said, "It's the most incredible thing I've ever seen as a pollster." And -- I mean, I guess people -- some people had to come back, and you couldn't even come back because you had areas of land with no river.
And now, it's all of a sudden landlocked. It's all water-locked. I just think it's incredible. I think it's a great tribute to North Carolina, and I'd like to thank you very much. Amazing. It's amazing. You are hearty people. You are hearty people, aren't you? Huh? Look, she knows what I'm talking about.
She knows what I'm talking about. The deadline for in-person early voting in North Carolina is Saturday, but you can do that or you just come -- you come whenever you want. You know I'm one that was saying -- a lot of people say vote early. And that's great. But the main thing is vote. You got to vote.
We got to vote. You got to vote. Republicans tend to vote on Election Day, and they like to make sure. I think that that -- that vote goes into a box, you know, somewhere, and then they want to watch where the box goes to. But you got to get -- you got to just vote, and I think we're going to have a -- this is a very important state.
We win this state, we're sailing. We're sailing. We win this state, we're sailing. [Applause] So, if you have a ballot, send it in or get everyone you know. Vote, vote, vote. You're going to vote, and we're going to have record numbers. I think you're going to have -- we're heading to record numbers in North Carolina despite -- despite one of the worst hurricanes anyone's ever seen.
And I will say this about my competition: They did a horrible job of rescue and help, one of the worst. And I don't even believe it was because it was largely a Republican area. I think they did it because they're incompetent, OK? They did a horrible job, one of the worst jobs since Katrina. But some people say it was a worse job.
Nobody's even showing up. You don't even see -- and then you learn that they've spent almost $1 billion, and they don't have any money for North Carolina because -- or Georgia or a lot of the other states, Florida, Tennessee, South Carolina. I mean, think of it. Georgia got hit. Georgia got hit so hard, but then you -- then you find out -- and then you listen and you find out that they don't have any money, FEMA, because they spent their money.
FEMA spent money on bringing illegal aliens into our country. [Audience boos] I'll tell you something. First of all, it's going to take a while anyway, they should be there. You know, there's nobody even -- nobody even sees anybody from the federal government. You know who's done a good job? Franklin Graham.
He's in here. He's in here. [Applause] He better do a good job. I gave him $7 million. He better -- I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. No, we gave him a lot because he's -- he does the best. He does a great job, and they have some others that do a great job. But we -- we gave them a lot of money, raised a lot of money for him.
And he is always -- every time I have -- because I've seen a lot of tornadoes and hurricanes and horrible storms. And every time I get there, he's always there with his crew of volunteers. It's pretty amazing, actually. Franklin Graham, he does a great job. He's got good genes. He's got very good genes.
My father used to take me to Yankee Stadium to watch Billy Graham, filled up Yankee Stadium. He filled it up like it was nothing. And my father liked going to see Billy Graham. With your help, six days from now, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to win back that beautiful, beautiful White House.
We're going to win it back. Kamala Harris cast the deciding votes that launched the worst inflation in the history of our country. She cost the typical American family over $30,000 in higher prices. They basically spend too much money and screwed up my energy policies. We had gas at $1.84. I thought it was $1.
87. Just came out two days ago, $1.84. It was lower -- didn't it -- a lot of people say $2.50. No, not $2.50. It's $1.84 a gallon. How would you like to have $1.84 a gallon now? We'll have it. We're going to have it again. Liquid gold. It was just announced today that economic growth missed expectations again for this quarter.
It's always missing. This economy is a disaster. And now, Kamala wants to raise the typical family taxes by at least $3,000 a year. If I win, we will rapidly defeat inflation. Oh, we'll have it done so -- I'm going to bring your energy down to one half of what it is now. It's going to go -- in one year, we'll have it down 50 percent, and that'll bring everything else down.
And we're going to bring the interest rates down, and we're going to make America affordable again. We will make America affordable again. Because we have this huge spike that took place over three years, massive spike. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And none of that's come down. Bacon hasn't come down.
Apples haven't come down. Lettuce -- nothing's come down. People, so often, they talk about groceries, they haven't come down. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses. And we will have a very special kind of a thing happen: no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors.
None. [Applause] Thank you. No, if you think, our seniors, you know, they have a very fixed income, most of them. You know, I'm a senior, too. Somebody would say, "Oh, he's doing that. He has a conflict of interest." These -- these fakers back here, they say, "He has a conflict of interest. He's a senior. He's giving himself a big tax break."
No, we're not going to -- we're not going to let that happen. But the seniors -- a lot of seniors have a fixed income, and their Social Security, I mean, it's what's happened to all of the other things. And this will get you back to even, pretty much even, I think by doing this. And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of their parent or loved ones.
And I said this almost a week ago -- and guess what, last night, Kamala said the same thing. She copied my no tax on tips. But you know what, she's not going to do it. She only said it a couple of times. She said it without -- because she got killed when she said that. But now, last night, I don't know if you noticed, last night, she copied my -- no.
She copied the caregiver -- the caregiver statement. And let me tell you, these people that take care of their family and other people, these are incredible people, and they're entitled to it. They're entitled to it. They're going to get it. Starting on day one -- she copied me last night -- of my new administration, I will bring back energy independence like we had it.
We were energy-independent four years ago. Now, we get our oil from Venezuela. It's called Venezuelan tar. You know, it comes like in tar, and you got to heat the hell out of it. And there's only one plant in the whole world that can do it, and that's located in Houston. So, for the environmentalists, go take a look at those chimneys in Houston.
It's not a pretty sight. I will bring back energy independence, and we will drill, baby, drill. And we're going to start right from the beginning. [Applause] And to get back our millions of jobs that have been lost, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
That's us. But we're not going to have that good market anymore if we don't stop it right now because we're losing -- we're losing it. But only for those companies that make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will be paying a stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our now-protected companies.
They're going to -- they're going to pay a stiff price. They're going to pay a stiff price. So, we're going to protect -- we have to protect because they take our companies. They move them into Mexico, and it's pretty incredible. And you heard that I knocked out the biggest auto plant anywhere in the world.
I just knocked it out. I did it without even being president. I told them -- they were building in Mexico, China, the largest auto plant anywhere in the world. And they were going to send those cars into us, and they were going to destroy Detroit. They were going to destroy Michigan and a little bit of South Carolina, where they have sort of a different system.
They were going to destroy our auto manufacturing, the little that we have left. We probably have 40 percent compared to what we had years ago, and they were going to destroy. They were going to build the biggest auto plant in the world, and I heard about it through a man that was building the plant, the best in the world.
He builds all the plants. I said, "I want to see a plant." He said, "You have to go to Mexico." I said, "I don't want to go. I want to see one here." He said, "We don't really build them here anymore. We build them in other places." But we build a lot in..." -- Mexico is a real threat, don't kid yourself -- what they're doing in Mexico. And so, I said, "
I don't want to go to Mexico." What are they doing over there? They're building some of the biggest plants in the world, one in particular. I said, "Wow, that's no good." I thought about it. Then I spoke before the Economic Forum in Detroit, very nice group of people. And I said you guys are losing your shirts.
And Detroit is, you know, making a comeback for 40 years. It's got to -- it's time now. We've got to bring some companies back here. And I didn't like what I heard because when they make millions of cars out of something where you literally press a button and it makes cars, when that happens, that's no good for us because they're going to just flood the market and destroy everything that we have in Michigan and Detroit.
And some -- where you have it some, you do big parts business. Very big parts business here. So, they're going to destroy you. So, I announced that I'm going to put a 100 percent tariff on that plant. [Applause] And I saw the man about two weeks ago. He was in the audience, the man that builds the plants.
And I said, "John, could I talk to you for a second?" And I pulled him aside. "How's that big plant coming in Mexico." "Sir, they've decided not to build. They think you're going to become president, and they'll lose their shirt. [Applause] They're not building the plant. They're not building it, huh? Look at Emmer.
Emmer likes it. No -- can you imagine that, they're not building the plant. They're not going to build the plant, and that's the way it's going to be. It's going to be real simple, and you're going to -- and you know what, if they built the plant in this country, I'm OK with it. They can build it. They don't have any tariff to pay.
They'd have no tariff to pay. It's very simple. And, you know, some of the deals made with these politicians, they were either really stupid or crooked as hell because this could have been done. And I've done it. You know, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. Hundreds of billions of dollars, they've never paid anything.
They never gave one president 10 cents. I took hundreds of billions and from other countries, and we were just getting started. Anyway, we'll also pass what's known as the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. That means if China or any other country charges 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax, then we will charge them 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax in return.
It's an eye for an eye. And I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the earth.
And as we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders. Over the past four years, you see what's been happening. It's carnage. It's carnage. It's a carnage. Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people, what she's done.
She's violated her oath and eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of migrant gangs who are waging a campaign of violence and terror against the citizens of the United States of America. Kamala has imported criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums and mental institutions, the most dangerous anywhere in the world and from all around the world.
From Venezuela to Congo, the Congo in Africa, they're sending us -- they're sending us large numbers of prisoners from the Congo in Africa. Congratulations. Welcome to the United States. They're coming from the Middle East. They're coming from all over. They're coming from Europe. They're coming from Asia, and a lot are coming from South America, but not all.
They're coming from all over the world. They're emptying their prisons into the United States. They're emptying their mental institutions into the United -- they're going to be empty very soon. And you know what's happened to their crime rates in places like Venezuela? Whoa, way down. They've taken their street gangs, and they've brought them into the United States.
And they said, "If you ever come back, you will die. We're going to kill you." That's what they tell them. So, these are -- including savage criminals who assault, rape, and murder our women, our girls. What they do to our families is outrageous. And my people told me, "Please, please, don't say you're going to protect women. Women don't want you to say that."
I said, "Really, why?" This is my geniuses. These are the people we pay all this money to to give you political advice. I said, "Why?" "Women don't want to be protected, sir." I said, "Really, I don't think so." They want to be attacked by MS-13. Is that what they want? They want MS-13 to go in and knock in their -- knock their door down and do bad things? No, I don't think so.
I think they -- I think a woman -- I'm going to protect the women, I'm going to protect the children, and I'm going to protect the men. I'm going to protect everybody from these animals that have been unleashed into our country -- and from foreign powers. Look, I mean, is there any woman in the audience, please, that does not seek protection? Please raise your hand.
Is there any woman in the audience that wants to be protected? [Audience responds affirmatively] I think so. OK, let's fire those people, please. They're all fired. They meant well. Anyone who would let monsters kidnap and kill our children does not belong anywhere near the Oval Office. And she has set a record.
And today, I want you to hear something that's very disturbing. Everybody -- just -- just came out -- just was done. Everybody that's heard it, I've seen tough people, very tough men, literally crying watching. And we just put it out just -- just now. But I want you to hear directly from a mother whose world has been shattered by the open borders insanity of Kamala Harris, please.
There is just no reason for it. [Audience member calls out, inaudibly]
Thank you very much. No reason -- there's no reason for that. [Audience member calls out "We love you"]
Thank you very much. But there's no reason for that. Open borders -- open borders, anybody comes in, doesn't matter where you come -- they don't even know where they come from. They don't check them. They don't know where they come -- are they from jails? They don't know anything about them. They just let them pour into our country.
It's a -- it's incredible now she's sort of stopped it by doing just a little bit because she was getting killed in the polls. And if they ever won, they would open those borders, and you would have millions and millions more people come in, and there'd be criminals. If I ran one of the countries that we're talking about -- and last -- over the last few months, it was 181 different countries.
Most people don't even know there are that many. There are actually more. A hundred and eighty-one countries were represented, and they're letting their criminals and their jails and everything into our country. They're destroying our country. They're destroying our country and we can't take it any longer.
We have to change. We have to change immediately. I think it's the biggest problem. I think it's bigger than the economy. I think it's bigger than inflation because they're ruining the fabric of our country. You're not going to be able to walk out of your house no matter where you live. If you're in a farm, they're flying people in with the big Boeing jets, the biggest ones.
And they're taking hundreds of them in. They're landing in the Midwest and all over the place. They're flying them right over the border. They're sick. The day I take the oath of office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that's taken over apartment complexes and unleashing a violent killing spree all over America.
You've read about them in Colorado -- Aurora, Colorado. They've taken over complexes. They've taken them away from landlords. They've told people to get out. They've told the people, "You pay us the rent from now on. You don't pay it to a landlord. You don't pay it to a property owner. You pay it to us."
They've even taken over Times Square. Take a look.
This is what we have coming into our country. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. We will not let this happen. [Applause] November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. It will be liberation day. On day one, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.
I will rescue every city and town that's been invaded and conquered, and we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and MS-3 and all of these gangs that are now living happily in our country, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 -- can you believe that -- to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement official. [Applause] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America.
With their open borders, they're going to destroy your Social Security and Medicare. They're going to destroy our health care. But I'm going to save it all, and I'm going to save our country. That's what we're going to do. These people are all signing up. Kamala's gross incompetence -- she's a grossly incompetent person -- disqualifies her from being president of the United States.
Everyone knows it. No one respects her. No one trusts her. No one takes her seriously. To make her president would be to gamble with the lives of millions and millions of people. She would get us into World War III because she is too grossly incompetent to do the job. And then all of your sons and daughters will end up getting draft notice -- as they'll come, "Mommy, Daddy, what does this mean?" Son, even daughter, that means that you're going to be drafted to fight in a war against a country that you've never heard of? "Congratulations, son."
And it may be the last time you ever see them. We're not going to let that happen anymore in this country. Our enemies are laughing at her. If we win, America will be feared and respected again. On issue after issue, Kamala broke it, and I will fix it, and I'll fix it quickly. On top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden, which in itself is disqualifying. Take a look.
There is not a thing that comes to mind. So, maybe the worst thing that we can be talking about, 325,000 children that the press never talks about. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children have come into our country, and they're now missing. They're going to be dead, or they're going to be sex slaves or slaves of some kind.
Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children, many of them are dead. And she said there's not a thing that comes to mind. You know, they -- they -- just like she's a fraud, she's a total fraud, she's a liar. She even lied about McDonald's, didn't she? Huh? But she's a total liar. They lied about 818,000 jobs that they said we built up over the course of their wonderful management.
It turned out to be a total fraud, and they weren't going to announce that until after the election. But we had a whistleblower that called them in. You remember that just a few months ago, they said 818,000 jobs were created, and there weren't. They're fake jobs, and they were going to release the correct information.
They were going to do a little deletion, and they were going to release it right after the election, but they got caught. We can't let ourselves be duped by these people. These are -- these are -- these are criminal people as far as I'm concerned. We're thrilled to be joined by representatives. And their great warriors, and they're friends of mine.
And they fight side by side. Congressman Richard Hudson. Richard, thank you very much. Great job he's doing. [Applause] One of the most powerful people in Washington, a great Congressman, Tom Emmer. Tom, thank you. Thank you, Tom. [Applause] And another great friend is Byron Donalds. He's a fantastic.
Fantastic. [Applause] And you have a Congressional candidate that I know is going to win. She's up in the polls. She's doing great. Laurie Buckhout. [Applause] And she's fantastic, and she's got my complete and total endorsement. And somebody that is a star, although I'll let you know that on the sixth.
Is that OK? But I think he's a star. North Carolina GOP Chair Jason Simmons. Jason, thank you. Great. [Applause] So, I also want to say hello to Keith Kellogg. General Kellogg, he's one of our really great generals. [Applause] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Keith. You've been with me right from the beginning, right, from day one.
And my son-in-law, Michael. Michael is a fantastic young guy. I have to introduce him. Thank you, Michael. Thank you very much. Thank you, Michael. [Applause] I also want to send our prayers to everyone in North Carolina and other states still recovering from the hurricanes. If I win, we will get them and we will support you.
You know on January 20th -- it's not too far away anymore -- January 20th is when you take office. We'll have people here so much, you will say, "Please, we got too many people. Get them out of here. We have too many people." We had great -- we had great success with FEMA. And if -- if any -- if -- you know, it would be amazing.
It's been acknowledged that the hurricane rescue effort and rebuilding effort is the worst that we've just about ever seen outside of maybe Katrina. But I think it's worse. There's nobody even here, and the devastation is incredible. And how the hell could you vote for somebody that's in charge of it, right? So, I don't think you're going to vote for Kamala.
Here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of defund the police movement. And anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being president of the United States.
Kamala vowed to abolish ICE, our great heroes of ICE. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. Would anybody in North Carolina want to give up your guns? Quietly. [Audience responds "No"]
Whoa. Whoa. That could have had an impact on my hearing for the rest of my life. That's not going to be an easy job, is it? No, but that's where she comes from. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayers' expense. So, in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America.
Going to get her out. Going to get her out. Right, my man? We're going to get her out. We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina where they belong. And I have a little personal favor that I'm going to do, North Carolina.
I'm going to get your furniture builders and artists and manufacturers. We're going to bring them back. They left you for China. They're going to be coming back because this is where they want to be. I came down here so many times. I'd build a hotel. I said I want to go to North Carolina. I came so much.
I'd say, "No, I like the arm to be a little bit on that chair a little bing, bing, bing, bing." These guys were so good. And now, you have just a fraction of what you had. You had the best in the world. I'd buy from China and then they'd sit in a chair. Then the chair would collapse, and I'd get sued.
This is true. They'd sue me because the damn chair would break in a hotel. Mr. -- Mr. Jones would sit down. He's slightly overweight, like about 200 pounds. He'd sit in that chair, and the thing collapses. The next thing I know, "Sir, you've been sued by Mr. Jones" of some place. No, you built the greatest furniture in the world, and you're going to be doing it again.
You're doing it a little bit, but you're going to be doing it again. [Applause] We will build American. We will buy American. And we will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never started if I were president. I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III from happening.
I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We're going to take care of our police. We will strengthen and modernize our military. I rebuilt our military, and they gave a lot of it away to a place called Afghanistan. The most embarrassing moment of our country's life.
We will build a missile defense shield massively. We were going to build the greatest, the biggest missile defense shield. A lot of it's going to be made right in the USA. It's all going to be made in the USA. It's going to be made right here, though, a lot of it. We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.
C., which is horribly run, which is filthy, dirty, with graffiti all over columns and lions and everything else. And we're going to take care of our capital, and we're going to make it beautiful and safe. We're not going to have people being killed there, but we're going to make our cities beautiful, clean, safe again.
We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports -- if that's OK. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment.
And I have everybody's endorsement, including the NRA, and always have had it. And it is under siege. Your Second Amendment is under siege. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will not be conquered. They are conquering us. They are conquering us from within. We will be a free and proud nation. Once again, everyone will prosper.
Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and will be filled also with a thing called the American dream, something you don't hear about so much anymore. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
You need to get out and vote. That's all I -- you don't have to give me money. You don't have to give me anything. Just go out and vote. Who has voted so far? [Applause] Well -- who is going to vote? [Applause] OK. Get out. Every vote -- thank you very much. That's very impressive. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth.
With your vote this election, you can show them, once and for all, that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you -- belongs to you -- you guys. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country. In six days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help from now until Election Day, six days, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we all love. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.
We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never ever surrender. Together. We will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again.
We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you. God bless you. God bless you. Thank you.
Woah, this is a big crowd. This is a big crowd. Wow. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. Oh, you know, this was supposed to be a small little stopover, you got 20,000 people here. This is going to be a little stopover, Tim. Now, this is great. We were just going to stop over real quick, a little group of people.
This is not a little group of people. Hello, North Carolina. This is going to happen. I have a -- I predict -- let's make a prediction. This will happen on Tuesday, I think, right? This will happen on Tuesday. I think they'll end up having many, many more people than they thought. This is going to be great.
But we have to get out and vote, and we will because I am thrilled to be back in this beautiful state. What a great state. You know, I have a little granddaughter named Carolina, you know that, right? With thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, which is what you are -- you really are. You're amazing people.
It's an amazing place. You've been through a lot. Your government has not helped you too much, I can tell you. Your government -- FEMA has let you down because they wanted to spend the money on illegal migrants instead. [Audience boos] But we'll be here on January 20th, and you'll see how -- you'll see quick service.
All right. I'd like to begin by asking a very, very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I don't think so. I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans. With your vote on Tuesday, I will end inflation, I will stop the invasion of massive numbers of criminals that have come into our country, and I will bring back the American dream.
We don't have the American dream. We had it. We had it. You know, we also, had energy independence four years ago. This is all you need to know. Kamala broke it. She broke it, we will fix it. I will fix it. It'll be fixed very fast, and America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of incompetence and the grossly incompetent. Let's face it. They are the worst, that's no president, but I shouldn't say that. No, no inclusion. I shouldn't say that. You ever hear her? "We want to be a unified country. We want to be a unified country."
She said the other day, "We want to be unified." We don't want to say bad things about anybody including our opponent. "He's Hitler, he's Hitler." Do you ever hear it? She talks about unity and then she calls me Hitler, or whether we begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. And I'm asking you to be excited about the future.
You're going to be excited about the future. It's such a great area, this whole area is. And I'm asking you to dream big again. We're going to dream big, and we're going to make this America's new golden age. It's going to be the golden age. Every problem facing us can be solved. But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands.
We win this state, we're going to win the whole ball game, you know? And we've won it twice before, [Audience responds affirmatively] and we won it quite easily. And by the way, Michael did a fantastic job. He did so well. You know, he stopped the steal. He stopped the cheating here. They didn't stop it in some other states, but he did so well.
And we did so well here. I said, "Michael, how would you like to run the whole damn thing?" Right? And then I said, "What other star do I get?" And I said, "Maybe my biggest star of all, Lara from your backyard, Lara. I got Lara from your backyard." She's great. She's great. Good couple, too, right? That's a good team.
Eric and Lara. On Tuesday, you have to stand up and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough. You can't take it anymore. You're grossly incompetent. Kamala, you're fired. Get out of here. You're fired. Get the hell out -- get out of here. We got to fix our country. I watched her this morning. She gives these press conferences that last like about two minutes.
It's the weirdest thing. You know, I get all set. I want to watch something, right? "Ladies and gentlemen, the vice president." Oh good, she comes onto the stage, like, for two minutes and all she does is talk about me. She never talks about what she's going to do. "Donald Trump" -- did you ever see the clip where they go, "Donald Trump"? The last time she spoke, she mentioned my name like 28 times or something.
She didn't talk about what she was going to do. And economically, she doesn't know anything. In fact, what she's proposing -- well, wait a minute, you just saw -- you were going to go over it in a second. The worst numbers I've ever seen, just how good was that? To get those numbers four days before the vote was -- thank you very much, sir.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Now, you would have liked that on one of your races, wouldn't you? But no to get those numbers. We had the worst numbers, I think, maybe like sort of ever. And they were like four days. And I want people to remember it because, you know, a lot of people said, "Well, this won't affect the election because a lot of people aren't thinking about that."
Of course, these people -- look at all of them. Look at all of the fake news. They say all of that. [Audience boos] They always say that, but I think it's unbelievable timing. If I had my choice of -- I think it's perfect. I covered it last night. We were in Milwaukee in the biggest arena you've ever seen.
Same size as Madison Square Garden. It was packed hours before the event that we could have filled it up twice. And that's Wisconsin, the great state of Wisconsin, and a great Green Bay player, the great Brett Favre. You know, he endorsed me. He endorsed me, and that's a big thing in Wisconsin. He was on the Packers.
As football fans know, he could rip the ball, he could throw that ball so hard, so fast. Sometimes he would hit the receiver in the face. He couldn't see the ball was coming so fast. It's always -- it was a lot of embarrassment, you know? It just ripped the ball into their hands, and he was great. I shook his hand.
He had the biggest hand I've ever seen. Now, I know why he thought -- his hand was like three times the size of a normal hand. His fingers were like sausages. I said they are the -- I looked at it. I said, "That's the biggest hand." I mean you know -- I mean -- and so, he was born to do that. But you know what? He said, "I've never done this before."
He did a beautiful, little speech and he said, "I've never done this before. I've never endorsed anybody. I'm endorsing President Trump because we want him to just do the same job." He did really nice, really nice. Never did it before. For these past few years, we've been fighting to take back our country.
And it's been a failed and corrupt administration, a horrible administration, an administration that -- you know, you like to see like a football coach. He brings something there. He brings a little esprit de corps. There's no esprit de corps. Biden -- look at -- and by the way, they're fighting like hell.
The two of them. Biden said, "You stole my presidency and you're no better than I am." No, it's the same thing. I think the numbers were -- I think, Joe -- maybe, we're going to see you on Tuesday, right? But I think Joe might have done better. But Joe, the reports are -- look, he hates me. We had a debate.
He didn't do too well, but that's OK because, you know, you don't take an election away. He didn't do well and his numbers went down a little bit. And you know what happened? They walked in and they said, "You're not running anymore. Get out. You're out of the race." This is the president of the United States that they did this.
It was a coup. I don't like the word, but it was a coup. But it was sort of worse than a coup because a coup takes a little more time. This was like -- Crazy Nancy and some others, they walked in. She's crazy as a bedbug. And somebody should look at her Visa stock. She sold her position. This is a woman who started off with nothing.
Now she's worth $200 million. Do you think she's been honest? [Audience responds "No"] No, she has a big position in Visa, right? I think it's Visa -- one of them. Whatever, who the hell cares? But Visa. And, you know, she plays the market. It's not really playing when you have the information she's got.
So, she sold her entire position the day before it was announced that visa is under massive investigation. Now, is the fake news going to do anything about that? I doubt it. [Audience responds "No"] Together, we have overcome every attack, every abuse, and even two assassination attempts. I remember them. [Applause]
And now, it all comes down to this. Remember, assassination, nasty. But it really is -- I mean, they go after people that are meaningful, they go after people that are meaningful. They go after people that believe in making other countries pay for what they do. We're tired of being ripped off. Consequential, I guess, is the best word.
They seem to go after consequential presidents. And I didn't know it was such a dangerous profession. Being president is a very dangerous -- who would have thought? But if you look at race car drivers, we -- I have a lot of race car driver friends. You know, I own a job down the road in a place called Charlotte.
Have you ever heard of it? [Applause] And it's been such a pleasure, but we have a lot of the race car drivers. I member, they're members and it's been a great place. Just I'd like to be able to come here sometime and actually play at the course, and the beautiful -- I bought a whole big thing there years ago, and it worked out beautiful.
It just worked so beautifully. But I was talking to somebody and they were talking about a consequential president and then all the race car drivers. And I said, "Let's see." And I asked somebody what -- and you got to be careful when you talk about this subject. You don't like to say, "What's the level of death when you drive a race car" and you're talking to a race car driver, right? So, I did a little -- so, it's like one-tenth of 1 percent.
And the bulls are a little bit more, one-tenth of 1 percent. President, it's a lot. That percentage is like up there high. It's probably the highest thing you can do. Nobody told me this when I was thinking about it. Nobody told me this, but I wouldn't have changed my mind because we're going to make this country greater than it's ever been before.
We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. We had the strongest border in the history of our country, the strongest. Should I bring down my favorite chart of all time? Bring it down, bring it down. It's my favorite chart of all-time. [Audience responds affirmatively] That chart, I love -- see, right now, I'm looking over there.
Well, if I was looking over there, I'm gone. If I was looking there, I'm gone, if I'm looking there. There was only one place I could be looking. And that's exactly right there, that's the only place. If I was looking there, no good. And I was looking there, no good. Had to be here because the lunatic was right there.
And I looked over here at the chart, which was right here. I looked over, ping. Can you imagine? I love that chart, Tim. I love that chart. I love it. Even if the numbers were bad, even those numbers were terrible. If I was like in one of the lines to the right -- look, it's like an Elon Musk rocket ship.
That's what happened. So, that was my last day in office. That was the lowest illegal immigration we've ever had. I had it fixed. It was beautiful and that included trafficking of women. They traveled -- you know, mostly it's women, by the way, I hate to tell you that, but it's women. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing.
Can you believe -- during their administration. You know, nobody talks about it. They should be talking about it. That is a human tragedy, 325,000. Think of what that, that's -- take your biggest stadium and multiply it many times, and load it up with children. That's what we're talking about. Three hundred and twenty-five thousand children are missing.
But look at that, that's the lowest it's been. All those people that you read about that got killed, most likely wouldn't have happened. And all that guy had to do is he could have gone to the beach. All he had to do is leave my people. They were doing an incredible job. We have guys like Tom Homan and -- fantastic, fantastic people.
And the Border Patrol guys are fantastic. They just endorsed me. They said, "He's the greatest president in the history of our country." I said, "Does that include Abraham Lincoln and George Washington?" To them, yes. But the reason they said it is because to them, there's nobody that ever did the border job like I did.
And I'd call them all the time. I'd bug them. And I said to them in front of a big audience, I said, "How many times" -- she was the border czar, right? She was in charge of the border. I said, "How many times did she call?" And they said, "Never." So, in almost four years -- I looked, they were like 10 officials behind me.
They all gave me this beautiful endorsement, and they've always endorsed me. They've endorsed me every year. Every year hoping -- they were hoping. But they just endorsed me. They're great people. They want this country to be so good. They hate -- you know, it's easier for them to let people go in, just go ahead in.
But they don't want people to go in. They love the country. The Border Patrol and ICE, too. ICE is incredible. But I said, "How many times did she call?" "Sir, she never called." I said, "Never? None of you guys?" "We never received a call. She never went to the border." And it's, in my opinion, the single biggest problem we have.
I mean, to me, I read it bigger than inflation. Inflation is terrible and you saw the horrible numbers we had. The worst numbers I've ever seen, 12,000 -- we had 12,000 jobs. Nobody has -- 12,000 jobs is nothing. We had 12,000 jobs. It's the worst numbers I've ever seen. I'll fix that. But when she allows 13,099 murderers, murderers -- these are people that are incarcerated for murder.
Many of them, more than one murder. They're now roaming our country. We have no idea who the hell they are. You know, who knows? Our local police, our local law enforcement, and they're going to work with us because we're going to get them the hell out. They know everything about them. So, we're just three days away from the greatest political victory in world history.
But it only happens if you get out and vote, OK? You got to get out and vote. You got to do that. You know, I haven't felt this much heat on me in a long time. That sun is brutal. They say, "What happened to you? You got really red." The next one -- I'm doing another one. Can you believe I do three or four of these a day? Can you believe it? But this one, I like.
This one -- you know what she does? She does like one and then takes a day off. I say, "Wait a minute." So, we've got now, I think, it's 62, 63 days, something like that in a row. I can't believe I've kept my voice. The big thing is you don't want to lose the voice because if you lose the voice, it's no good.
It tends to not do well. It tends not to play well for those people in the back. [Audience member calls out "Thank you."] But you know what, 62, 63. And you know, who knows that? I call them the women of North Carolina. [Applause] Yeah. You are those women. There they are. There they are. But where are the women that I know of North Carolina? I can't believe -- where are they, huh? Oh, they're coming later.
Oh, I've never seen that before. Whoa. [Audience member calls out "We love you."] They are the most -- they've been to 259 rallies? There's no way they're not here. Where are they? There? Where the hell are they? Put up your hand. You're dressed so differently today. They've underdressed today a little bit.
No, but I think it's like 259 or something. They've been incredible. Oh, there they are, OK. I'm wondering where the hell are they. OK, good. It's good to see you all. You're scattered. I've never seen you scattered before. I put everything on the line for you and including my life itself, I mean, in all fairness.
I don't talk about it, but I did, and I need you to do one thing. We don't want your money. I don't want any money. I don't want anything. We don't want -- all we want is one simple thing, get out on Tuesday and vote because we can't take a chance. Too big to rig, we got to make it too big to rig. We can't let anything happen.
With your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. We're going to make it great. We're going to make America great again. Yesterday it was announced that Kamala's economy added only 12,000 jobs. Nobody's ever heard of that. You know, look, you've been doing this.
Even if you're not into that world too much, I am. But you know, you see 250,000 jobs. We were doing badly this month, 250,000. It's usually like 200,000, 250,000. Sometimes you have 300,000, 400,000. Twelve thousand jobs, I never heard it before. I've never heard of that number before. It's automatically -- you know, you have automatic growth.
One of the worst jobs report of all time, they say. I mean how good is that if you happen to be running against the people that did that, right? It's only good for one thing. The same thing with the border. The border is horrible. It's death, it's destruction. It's the ruination of our country. It's only good for one thing.
If you happen to be running against the idiots that allowed this to happen, open border, it's the only thing I can think of. There's no other reason. There's no other reason it's good. We lost nearly 30,000 private sector jobs. Think of that. And the jobs created were mostly government jobs. That's easy.
You just call up, "Hire 100,000 people this month." You know, we don't want that. We want private jobs. Along with nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs were lost in a single month. I've never heard of these numbers. These are depression numbers, I hate to tell you. Don't worry, I'll fix it. Don't get scared.
Don't worry because I know what to do. Under Kamala's catastrophic agenda, more than 100,000 manufacturing jobs have been wiped out since just the beginning of the year. It's not -- these are numbers that are crazy. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October. That's really -- you know, I mean, I've got your speaker, I've got a lot of big, big shots from North Carolina down here.
They're looking like, "I had nothing to do with it." I have -- he said, "I had nothing to do with it." In October, but nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force. That's 250,000 They dropped out. They gave up. They basically gave up looking for a job. We cannot take four more years of this calamity.
You may not be able to take a couple of months more of this. This is just -- [Audience boos] in fact now that I see these numbers, I think I'm not going to do this. Goodbye, everybody. I'm going to go to the beach. I didn't know I was getting -- I didn't know -- Joe Biden is Herbert Hoover, it turned out.
I always said I'd hate like hell to be Herbert Hoover, I would. That was 1929, the Great Depression. These are depression-type numbers, 100 percent of all net job gains in the past year. This is another beauty -- have gone where? Do you know where? To migrants. One hundred percent of the job openings have gone to migrants, taking jobs from more than anybody else.
And you haven't seen the numbers. And I think your speakers should ask Washington for those numbers because they're really bad. You know where they came from? African American jobs. They've taken the African American jobs. Migrants coming in illegally have taken African American jobs. People that have done a great job.
They've worked there for 20, 25 years in different places. And to a lesser extent, Hispanic jobs, but large numbers of African Americans. It's going to probably be announced right after the election. They should be forced to announce it before the election because I'll tell you they won't get one African American vote.
They're letting these people come in by the millions, and they're taking jobs of African Americans. And you're going to see it right after the election. They'll announce it. And they did another thing. They had 818,000 jobs that were fake. They were fake jobs. They were made-up jobs. They were fraud.
If I did it, they'd throw you into the penitentiary for 20 years. Crooked Joe Biden -- they don't call him Crooked Joe for a reason. I mean, it's a reason they call him that. He's a crooked guy. And she knew everything about it. They created -- and you knew this. It came out like two weeks ago, a week ago.
They created 818,000 fake jobs. And on top of it, it was just announced that they had to readjust last month and create another 112,000 fake jobs. So, they thought that they'd do the readjustment. Now, there's never been a -- you know, usually, it's an adjustment of like 2,000 jobs or something. So, this is almost a million jobs that these people defrauded you on because they wanted you to -- they wanted to go into the election with, at least, a decent picture.
Wasn't great, but at least a decent picture. And we had a whistleblower that blew the whistle and told them that these were fake jobs. And so, they've corrected that. And now, we just had another whistleblower talking about 112,000 jobs off last month. In other words, last month, where the numbers were terrible but OK.
You know, not like this. They took 112,000 jobs. So, that's almost a million jobs between the two of them. And even the 12,000, you're going to see that that's probably a fake No. 2. We probably went into negative numbers, which hasn't happened in generations. So, I stand before you today as is the only candidate who can rescue our economy.
This is a really bad thing that's happened. From obliteration and restore it to strength, prosperity, and greatness. And you know what I'm going to do? The first thing, I'm -- unlike her, they say, "What are you going to do about the economy?" "Well, I grew up and I grasped piece of land. I had a backyard that had grass on it."
Remember the debate, she said, "I grew up with grass on my front yard and some grass on my" -- and I'm saying what the hell is going on here. See, I have a little more aptitude for this. I'm really good at this shit. So, let me just -- you know what we're going to do? We're going to drill, baby, drill like you have never seen before, right straight there.
And for the people in Pennsylvania, we're going to frac, frac, frac. But we're going to drill, baby, drill, and we're going to frac in certain areas. We're going to frac like we've never frac-ed before because we have more energy than any country in the world including Russia. We're lucky in that regard, including Russia and Saudi Arabia.
They have a lot of oil. We have more than they do. And we were energy-independent four years ago, think of that. And your price per gallon was -- I always went around and said, $1.87. The government corrected me, it was $1.84 a gallon. Can you imagine? We got it down, we got it down to $1.84. And now it's like $3.
50, $3.75. But you know, a few months ago, it was much higher. You know what they did? They went back to my policies for -- because they were getting crushed. This was going to go over $6 or $7. In California, it was $8.5. Gavin Newscom, he does a terrible job. By the way, she worked with him. You know, she worked with him and destroyed California, and that's Kamala we're talking about.
She worked with him, destroyed California when she was the DA of San Francisco. She destroyed that city. She's the one responsible for the destruction of the best city, probably the best city in our country. And we're not going to let her do that to the United States of America. We can't. [Audience responds "No"] If my opponent knew how to fix the economy, it would have already been fixed.
So, I say, "Why didn't she do it?" Do you ever see where she -- she stands the other day. She said, "We are going to do this and that." I just keep going. Why haven't you done it? Why haven't you done it? Why haven't you done it? She's going to do -- she's been there for four years, almost four years.
Why the hell haven't they done it? Now, today, even she's got some kind of a scheme. It's a scheme. But it is a scheme that she wants to do something. And she announced today, it's -- I don't know -- something, whatever -- it doesn't matter. It's all -- a lot of bullshit. That's all it is. No, no. She announced the scheme.
She's going to do something. "And when I go to office" -- when she goes to office, do it tonight, do it today. You don't wait. She's going to wait. "I've got a plan and I'm going to do this or that," oh, good. Well, do it now. Do it right now, you know, if it's any good. No, she's a total fake. If Kamala -- and she's incompetent, which is perhaps worse.
If Kamala wins, you are three days away from the start of a 1929-style economic depression. I believe that. You know, we have a lot of great analysts. Scott Bessent is one. He's one of the smartest guys on Wall Street. A real -- you know, I call him 182, 184, double her IQ, like double, maybe triple.
But they say, "The only reason the stock market is doing good is because they all think Trump is going to be elected." So, I believe that's true. I believe it's true. No, but you have a lot of them. You have this -- Scott is one of the hottest guys. I hardly know him. I don't know him, but he writes all the time.
He thinks that -- they think that Trump is going to win. And every time we have a good day, you can check out the market, but it seems like the market does very nicely. If I win, you are three days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, the brightest economic future that the world has ever seen.
Kamala's inflation nightmare. I mean, our economy is bad because of the inflation. No matter how well it does, the inflation just ripped it to pieces. We had no inflation -- I had no inflation, virtually nothing. And now, they have much higher than what you see because when you see it, they don't put some of the higher numbers in.
It's like the crime reports. The FBI forgot to put a few cities in there, like the worst cities in the country. So, the crime report looked like it was pretty even. I said, well, how come -- I don't want to mention the cities because I'm trying to get their votes, OK? I don't want to mention, I want to get their votes, but you can imagine.
But they forgot to put a few little cities in there. They're big cities actually. And then it turned out to be 45 percent increase in crime. A little difference, a little difference. It's pretty sad when you have to rely on the FBI and they give you phony numbers, too, right? Kamala's inflation nightmare has caused the typical American family $30,000 in higher prices.
And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise your taxes by $3,000 a year. This is the only person I've ever seen that's running for office that says, "We will raise your taxes." You know all my life, I've watched politicians, and they're always saying, "We will cut your taxes. We are going to cut, cut, cut."
Some of them don't even mean it, but they say it. This one says, "We're going to raise your taxes." Well, I want to give -- this might be the only time I ever give her credit. If that's true, at least, she's being honest, OK, right? But I've never heard it before, but at least maybe she's being honest.
But she's -- and if she is, maybe that's even worse for you now because she wants to -- when you think about it, she's going to raise your taxes. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses. And we will have something that I think is just great. You know, she came out with it, right? As soon as I said it a couple of weeks later, she came out with -- she's making a speech and she said, "And I will have" -- and she said it quickly because she knew she was going to get hammered.
I will have no tax on tips, no tax on tips. She got hammered. [Audience member calls out "Copycat"] But we will have -- copycat. He said copycat. We will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors, right? Which of them is the best? OK, ready? We'll just do this quick.
This is a free poll. Because you know I pay these guys a lot of money, these pollsters, and I don't even think they send people into the fields first. Let's see. "It's 51-to-49. Go send me a check for 300,000, right?" I don't think they even send people into the field. You know what that means. You know, they're supposed to have hundreds of people that go into the field.
They make a lot more money when they don't even bother. They say, "Trump is leading 51-to-49." By the way, I think we are leading. You know, we're leading in every poll. But you're going to prove on Tuesday that we're leading by a hell of a lot more than just saying. We have to do it. We have to do it.
OK, ready? No tax on tips, right? No tax -- wait, we'll go no tax on tips. No tax on overtime, no tax Social Security. Ready? Facing, number 1, who's -- which is the best of the three? No tax on tips. [Audience responds affirmatively] Well, that's not too good. Do any of you work in restaurants? Who works in a restaurant? Not too many.
You get a lot of money in this place. All right. Because when I do that in Nevada, when I do that in Las Vegas, I say no tax and tips, I have to stop the speech, leave the podium for 20 minutes. It blew everything away. OK. Again, no tax on tips. [Audience responds affirmatively] No tax on overtime. [Applause] That's it.
All those houses you built, yeah, that's good, that's -- no tax on Social Security benefits [Applause] And these guys are going to say, "Trump has a conflict of interest. He's giving himself a tax break." Now, can you believe -- because I'm a senior, and I don't feel like a senior. Wait a minute. Do the seniors here feel like seniors? I feel better.
I actually feel better than I did 30, 40 years ago, I think. I actually think I'm sharper. Now, there'll be a time when that won't be, but I feel I'm sharp. You have to be sharp when you can escape these monsters back there. [Audience responds affirmatively] These horrible, horrible, dishonest people. [Audience boos]
You know, the fake news -- I came up with the name. [Audience boos] I came up with the name fake news. Unfortunately, there's a mistake with the fake news. The term is not strong enough. I need a strong -- fake is the least of it. They are totally corrupt. To lift up American families, I will protect and expand the child tax credit we created.
We created it. And I will support a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of their parent or loved one. These are great people. I'll tell you what, these people, if you didn't have caregivers, these family caregivers -- we call them angel moms and angel wives, where a husband comes back from the war or something and lots of problems.
And if you didn't have them, you know, our hospital system wouldn't be able to survive literally. It would be -- you'd have to make it three times bigger. These people have contributed so much, and they, you know, they haven't been recognized. We're going to recognize -- we're going to give tax credits to people that take care of people.
Now, you'd have the people in the hospitals instead of at home, in a bedroom with their family, with their mother, or their wife or whatever or their husband. And they're unbelievable people, and a lot of them are. You know, a lot of them leave, a lot of them say, "I can't take it." They say, "I didn't sign up for this. I'm sorry, I didn't sign up for this,"
they say that, and they leave. And people understand that, too. But these people, the people, they're angels, they're incredible angels. Our hospital system would not be able to handle it. So, I think they deserve it, don't you? [Audience responds affirmatively] They don't even ask for it. You know, I don't have any big lobby or anything asking me for it.
I have lobbies asking me for everything, but I have no lobby asking me for that. It's just something I feel -- I've always felt and I've seen so many of them, met so many of them. And they want to just take care of their son or their husband or their daughter. I mean, they just want to take care of these people.
And you could never get that kind of a care in a hospital as good as a hospital is. As good as the hospitals are, you could never get that kind of care. So, it's a beautiful thing. And we're going to do it, we're going to do it immediately. We're going to get it done immediately. To rapidly reduce inflation -- thank you, angel moms -- I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill.
We're going to drill. And I'm going to tell you that the best thing we can do -- look, we're lucky, we have oil and gas, and we have it in abundance. I got ANWR approved in Alaska, which is the biggest -- perhaps the biggest in the world. It might be as big as Saudi Arabia. It's massive. Reagan tried to do it.
He couldn't get it done. Everybody tried. Everybody -- well, the Democrats, not so much. But everybody tried and every Republican tried, I can tell you that, and they tried like hell, and I got it done. I got it done. And we were ready to drill and go. And this guy gets in, within the first short period of time, they terminated it.
This would have made so much money for our country. Would have been so great for Alaska. I love Alaska. My father -- my grandfather spent a lot of time in Alaska. He was looking for gold, and then he realized, "Well, it's hard to find gold." And you'd see what happened to those people. That was a rough life.
That was real cold stuff. So, he built these little buildings, and they became little hotels for the guys looking for the gold. See, we always had little entrepreneurial spirit. And he spent a lot of time in Alaska doing that. He was looking for gold and he said, "I can do better with building little hotels along the trail," right? And they actually have one.
I think it's like a big landmark deal now. It's really great. It's tiny. It's like a few rooms, but that's the way. It was beautiful, but spent a lot of time. This would have been so great for Alaska. It would have been incredible for Alaska and unbelievable for our country. We would have taken care of Asia out of ANWR.
And the first thing he did is terminated it. And he also terminated the Keystone pipeline, but he let Russia build Nord Stream 2, which is the biggest pipeline in the world. He let them build Nord Stream 2. Think of that. And I terminated that. I said, "No, you're not building it Russia. You're not building it. I'm sorry, Vladimir."
He would ask me, "Don't do that." I said, "I got to do it, Vladimir." It was going to supply all of Europe, Germany mostly, but all of Europe. And I terminated it. And he comes into office, and he immediately approved it. I said, "What the hell is he doing that for?" And then they say, "Donald Trump was soft on Russia."
No. I was -- that was the biggest project in Russian history. And I terminated it, and they never got it finished. And then this guy comes in, and he lets it go. I tell you he's the exact opposite. Think of it, the exact opposite. His foreign policy is the absolute worst. Every single foreign policy move he's made -- look at Israel, "Don't do anything, don't do anything".
And at least now, they're in a position where there's some defense, where they can defend themselves from what might happen. You know, we're very close -- I'll tell you what. We're very close to going into a thing called World War III. And we have people that do not have the mentality to even think about keeping us out.
They have no idea. Again, should have never happened Russia going into Ukraine. Afghanistan would have never happened, never. Getting out was right. I was going to get out, but with dignity and strength and keep Bagram, which is the big air base. They gave up Bagram. It was one hour away from where China makes its missiles.
Nuclear missiles, one hour. That's why I would have kept it, not for Afghanistan, one hour away, think of it. And he left Bagram. And you know who occupies it now? China occupies it. China. He gave this multibillion dollars -- and this is for many years ago it was built. Got the biggest runways in the world, can handle anything.
The biggest runways, most powerful, deep, thick, thick concrete runways, to build them today would cost billions, tens of billions of dollars. He gave it up like you give up nothing. I'd never seen -- always keep Bagram. And now China occupies Bagram, one hour away from where they make their nuclear weapons.
It's so sad, what's happened in this four years is so, so sad. And she's now running for president. She shouldn't even be allowed to run for president. I'll cut your energy prices in half, within 12 months, because we're going to get it going. And to bring jobs back, millions and millions of jobs. We'll give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet, but only for those who make their product right here in the USA and hire American workers for the jobs.
We're going to bring your furniture guys back. You know, I love this state. You know, when I got to know your state, when I was in this hotel phase of my life, I did great. I loved those hotels, and I'd come to North Carolina because you had the greatest craftsmen, the greatest ever, right? And they're mostly gone.
Where are they? Oh, they're in China, not them. They didn't even take them. They end up getting jobs where -- they don't want to do that. They were the most incredible. I'd say, "Could you do something with the arm of that chair?" "Yes, sir." Ding, ding, ding, ding. They were like artists. I said, "Boy, that's beautiful. Could you do that?"
Yeah, we could do that, but we could do something better. What do you need? I said, "Man." And I'm telling you, you had the greatest craftsmen in the world for furniture, and that business has been obliterated by stupid politicians. They're going to all come back, you watch. They're going to all -- because we are now going to protect them.
We're going to protect them with, as I said, the most beautiful word in the dictionary, tariffs. And if these companies don't make their products here, then they will pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products or bring their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our companies and our workers.
Our companies are going to be protected. I will never apologize for defending America. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs. I will protect our borders. I will protect our family. I will protect our women. I'm going to protect our women. I got into so much trouble -- you saw that. I said we will protect -- because I keep hearing -- I think the women love me, I do, because they know -- well, you know what? If they don't have me, they got millions of people pouring through and coming up to the suburbs.
They say the suburban women. Well, the suburbs are under attack right now. When you're home in your house alone and you have this monster that got out of prison, he's got you know, six charges of murdering six different people, I think you'd rather have Trump. But here's what I did -- and I had a group -- very controversial.
What I do is very controversial. I don't care, I do the right thing. I want to protect women, but I want to protect our men. I want to protect our -- I want to protect everybody. So, I took a little poll. And these horrible people back there said, "Well, Trump is soft with women." I don't believe I'm soft.
They said, "Trump is soft. He's very good with men." I don't know. Thank you, men. Thank you, men. No, I'm through the roof with men. She ain't catching us, men. Let me tell you. No, I'm great with men, but I'm sort of like soft with the women stuff. And I say -- she goes, "Yeah, it's true. You are." I don't -- who said that? I was -- [Audience member calls out "We love you."
] She said "I love" -- good, she's made it up. She goes, "Yeah, you are, but we love you." So, I believe that women have to be protected. Men have to be -- children, everybody. But women have to be protected when they're at home in suburbia. So, when I did it, I said it. I came offstage, and my genius is back.
Sir, that may be a little bit of a rough statement. "What?" "That you're going to protect women." "Tell me why it's a rough statement." They said, "Well, you know, it's a little self-serving. I mean, they'll say, 'Who do you think you are?'" I said, "Yeah, I'm president. I want to protect the women of our country."
So, I came back out. I said, "Could I do a poll please?" I love these polls because they're free, you know. I don't have these pollsters. Two hundred and fifty thousand to interview 12 people, right? So, what happens, I came out, and I said, "Is there any -- " A crowd like this. This is a big crowd. I said, "Is there any woman that would be offended by the fact that I said I am going to protect you as your president?" No hands.
So, I had like 20,000 people. I didn't have one hand. I didn't have one hand, not one hand. Well, there was one woman that did say it, you know. [Audience member calls out "Was that Pelosi?"] No. This woman is very smart. She said, "Was that Pelosi?" Who the hell is -- you are a smart one. Wow. No. Well, somebody else just said, "It was a woman who transitioned."
You know -- but I didn't say it. I didn't -- I didn't say it. I know. You have to be very careful, everything you say. You know, like, there are some women that are very beautiful in the audience. I would never say that because if I said it like that, that her, her, her, her, her, like a lot of her, her, if I said they were beautiful, that's the end of my political career.
You're not allowed to say a woman is beautiful. You're allowed to say, "Hello. You're a beautiful woman. You're a beautiful, very beautiful woman." If you do that, that's the end of your political career. But I've never had -- you know, I mean, women sort of like it, but you can't do it because we have to remain a politician for four more years to straighten out this mess that these stupid people have given us. [Applause]
No, it's -- they want you to be very politically correct. And, well, they picked her because they wanted to be politically correct. She was the least -- she was the least qualified person. You had 12 other people, and she was No. 13 in every poll, in every poll, if he got out. But it should have been his decision.
You know, he goes through, and he gets these 14 million votes. It should have been his decision. I don't know how you can just take it away. They really -- think of it. This is a famous moment in our country's history. They went in, and they said, "You're out," to the president of the United States. They said, "We're taking your presidency away."
He said, "No, you're not." They said, "Yes, we are." And by the next day, he said, "Yes, you are." They said something. But they went in, and they took his presidency away from him like taking candy from a baby. It's really wrong when you think about it. I mean, what's the purpose of the primaries? And it was very shortly after he got the nomination, you know.
We're not talking about a long period of time. And they shouldn't have done it, or if they were going to do that, they should have held another primary and let 20 people run. And if she -- she could run, too, but they just handed it because they wanted to be politically correct, right? And it's a very bad thing for our country.
Although I happen to probably think of all of the people, she would be my first choice to run against. So, I shouldn't be complaining. But I do complain because, you know, as they say, they're a threat to democracy. You know, they say that about me. They always say, "Donald Trump is a threat to democracy. He is -- he has promised to go after his political opponent and put them in jail. He's terrible. He's promised to put them in jail."
That's what they're doing to me. OK? That's what they're doing to me, right? Did you hear these people? This stupid woman, she's saying, "He has said that he's going to put people in jail, and he's going to go after this one and that one. I won't mention their names, but he's going to go after them, put them in jail."
And I said, "How stupid. That's exactly -- " I had like 20 calls. She's talking about this. That's what they're trying to do to you. And they're trying. They're trying, but we're going to be very successful. You know, we won the big case in Florida, right? We won a lot of them. They're scammers. As we rescue our economy, I will also restore our borders.
Again, I believe the borders are the single biggest problem that this country has had in 100 years because they're disturbing our country. They're really disturbing. What they've done to our country is not even thinkable. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal than any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon our people.
There's never been anything like this. Again, murderers, drug dealers, gang members, people from mental institutions, the worst people, criminals of all kind. Venezuelan crime is down 72 percent. Our crime is through the roof. Tell David Muir. He's a real stiff. What a dope. Tell David Muir that he was wrong when he said, "Well, American crime is down."
Because I said crime is up. It's through the roof. I turned out to be right the following day. Tell David Muir our crime is through the roof, and the migrants are causing a lot of it. But she's violated her Oath of Office. She's eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, from insane asylums, and mental institutions.
You know, when I say insane asylums and then I say Dr. Hannibal Lecter -- does anybody know? They go crazy. They say, "Oh, he brings up these names out of -- " Well, that's genius, right? Dr. Hannibal Lecter. There's nobody worse than him. "Silence of the Lambs." Who the hell else would even remember that? I have a great memory, but they always hit me.
I don't bring it up too much because I have to take such a -- "He brought up Hannibal Lecter. What does that have to do with this? What does it -- " It has everything to do with it, right? He was -- that's who we're allowing into our country, and we don't want to allow that into our country. So, I've done something for you that I haven't done in 20 speeches.
I brought up Dr. Hannibal Lecter, and we're allowing him in our country. You watch. You watch. These fake people, they'll say, "Again, he brought up Hannibal Lecter. It has absolutely nothing to do -- " You know I do the weave, right? The weave, it's genius. You bring up Hannibal Lecter. You mention insane asylum, Hannibal Lecter.
You go -- no. There'll be a time in life where the weave won't finish properly at the bottom, and then we can talk. But right now, it's pure genius. Hey, I have an uncle, my uncle, Uncle John, my father's brother, 41 years at MIT, longest-serving professor, has so many degrees. He didn't know what the hell to do with them all and the most complicated -- I understand a lot of this stuff.
You know, I believe in that. Like, I mean, Jack Nicklaus is not going to produce a bad golfer, right? You know, that's the way it works. It's just one of those things. And it's in the family, and it's whatever. But we have to save this country. We better save this country. And the biggest -- and the biggest problem we have -- one of the biggest problems is them because if we had an honest and honorable press, my job would be so much easier.
It'd be so much easier. They have forced so many good people out of politics. That's a shame. So many great people have been forced because of them. They're bad, bad people, but they're going to get better. They've lost a lot of credibility. You know, when I first started, they had a 92 percent or a 93 percent approval rating.
Now, they have lower than Congress. The fake news has a lower rating than Congress. How do you get lower than that? But these criminals come from Venezuela, from the Congo, stealing countless American lives. People are coming from countries you've never heard of. A hundred and eighty-one countries this year so far are represented.
Many of these countries, you've never heard of. Today, I want you to hear directly from an incredible mother who I met a week ago, whose world has been totally shattered by Kamala Harris' open border. How stupid it is, her open border. Please watch.
[Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much. I mean, how sad is that? It's a couple of days old, shot a couple -- everybody that's seen it -- I mean, I saw very strong people, I saw some very strong he-men, very tough guys crying like hell when they read it and saw it. But you have many, many cases like that.
And then you have other forms of murder, too, with guns and being run over with cars and trucks. Many, many forms of crime are being committed by very dangerous people that have been allowed to come in. Don't forget, these countries are very smart. I know almost all of the heads. They're very smart. They're very streetwise.
They want to get their prisoners out. They don't want to take care of them. It's expensive, so expensive. They want to get the criminals off the street. They have no place to put them. But now, with the open border, as soon as it -- I told you at meetings in North Carolina. I said if they do open border, every country from all over the world are going to be dropping their prisoners into this country and their criminals in the street.
That's why the crimes are down all over the -- all over the world. They're down. Think of it. They come from far away. The Congo has a rough -- a rough prison system, a system that makes ours look like it's a Trump International Hotel. No, it's a rough system, and they're taking them out of that system.
Think of the money they saved not having to take care of somebody for 50 years or whatever it may be. And all of the countries are covered, and all of the continents are covered, 180 or 181 countries. Can you imagine that? And then you see something like what happened with Jocelyn or what happened with Laken Riley, what happened with so many others, far too many to even discuss.
But this was a woman I met when I got the endorsement from Border Patrol. That's when I met her, and she was such a nice woman. I said, "So, what happened?" "My daughter." And I guess they came and took her out of her room or something. It's not even believable. So, when you vote on Tuesday, vote in honor of Jocelyn and Laken Riley and Rachel Moran and every American who's been stolen from us.
Maybe you vote in honor of the 325,000 missing children. Think of that. Who would -- who would even believe it could be like that? Three hundred and twenty-five -- and they're responsible. Just like they pulled the trigger of a gun, they're responsible for that. The day I take the Oath of Office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. [Applause]
In Ohio, a small town of 3,000 people has just been besieged. So, you have 3,000 people, and it's just been besieged by an influx of 3,000 illegal aliens from a country 6,000 miles away that doesn't speak the language and that nobody ever heard of. And the town is like, "What do we do?" And, you know, Springfield also, in Ohio.
Springfield has 50,000 people, and they dropped 30,000 people into Springfield, Ohio. Now, the hospitals are a disaster. The schools are a disaster. And on top of everything else, it's a very troubled country that they come from, tough country, tough. And -- but on top of everything, they don't speak the language.
And the mayor is a nice man, and he wants to go and help, and he doesn't know what to do. And all he's doing is looking for interpreters. Think of it. No. You have to move them out. You have to move them out. You can't do this to our country. And this is happening all over the country, all over -- all over our country, actually, and to a certain extent, the world.
But the world doesn't let people come in like we do. We let people just come in. We're run by very stupid people. They're low-IQ people, very low-IQ. She is. If Kamala is reelected, every town in America will be turned into a squalid, dangerous refugee camp. That's what's happening. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. [Applause]
On November 5th, 2024, this will be Liberation Day in America. It's going to be Liberation Day. On day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been invaded and conquered, no different than a military invasion, except they don't wear uniforms.
That's probably the only difference. And I would say they're probably much more violent, much more vicious. And we will put these bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country. We have to do that. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs, I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network that's operating on American soil.
Think of how far back we have to go, 1798. Who would think that? Because they ran it tough then. Sometimes, you have to run it tough. And if they come back into our country, which they want to try and do and which they'll probably be successful in doing, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole.
And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] I have no choice. And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America, sanctuary for criminals. Despite all of the damage that Kamala has caused, she spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the evil -- the most evil people, mass murderers, all of us.
Then Joe Biden called -- and he said that we're garbage. We're all garbage. Remember? Remember? [Audience boos] Remember Hillary with -- remember Hillary? Deplorable, right? Actually said, "They're deplorable and irredeemable." And I said, "Oh, she made a terrible mistake." That word, irredeemable, to me was worse.
Actually, it was worse than deplorable, but that one didn't get picked up, Tim. That one didn't get picked up. It was deplorable. It was deplorable that got picked up. And how did that work out for Hillary? Not too good. But garbage is a hell of a lot worse, I think, than deplorable, right? Garbage, you're garbage.
My response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. Very easy. And you can't be president if you hate the American people. And they have to be hating us. Everything Kamala says is a lie. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another. But the only way to stop the lies is to swamp them with your votes.
You got to do that on Tuesday. Tuesday, Tuesday. Kamala has no vision, no ideas, and no solution. All she ever talks about is Donald Trump.
[Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you. Thank you very much. There are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people that crack. And you got to see her. She's not looking good. I watched her news conference. It was bad. If Kamala can't handle an interview with Joe Rogan, then she can't handle the presidency, and she certainly can't handle Putin and President Xi of China.
She will get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die, perhaps. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job anywhere in the world. This is the toughest job in the world, they say. I think it probably is. Do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish woman in the White House? No. [Audience responds "No"]
Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and your pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? [Audience responds "No"] That's what it is. If you would have heard her speaking a couple of days ago, she had no idea what she was -- like I tell you, these things we're doing, she has no idea what the hell she's talking about.
Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk to Russia or China and talk them out of a war? [Audience responds "No"] Think she'll talk them out of a war? I don't know. She'll talk them into a war. By the way, you know, she went and dealt with the Russian situation with Ukraine, and she was solely responsible -- she went in.
They put her there three days before Putin invaded. She was nearby someplace. She had big meetings with Russia. They invaded three days after the meeting. And that's fact, all fact. I give you only fact because I have all these people. If it's anything less than fact -- for instance, I tell them -- I look at them in the eye, and I say that this is the greatest political movement in the history of our country.
There has never been anything close. There has never been anything close. [Applause] I tell the story about Pat Buchanan. A lot of you know Pat Buchanan. He's a great old timer, a good guy, too. But he came in second in the New Hampshire primary, right? And it was such a big event that he had a whole like 50-year career, a great career, as a pundit.
He was on television because he came in second in one primary, in New Hampshire. We won 50 primaries, and then we went on to win the election, and then we did even better the second time. But we're going to do much better the third time because the first time and the second time, there were nothing like this.
Look at this. This is supposed to be a quick little stopover. Let me pay my respects to this nice part of North Carolina. And you got 20,000 people. [Applause] No, this is the greatest political movement. And let me give you a little information. If we win on Tuesday night -- and I do hope they're going to call it on Tuesday night.
You know, you spend all that money on machines. For eight percent of the cost, you could have paper ballots and have real security and one-day voting, voter ID, identification of the country. In other words, we would -- it would be OK. We'd like to have like identification that you're a citizen of the United States of America.
Voter ID. How about Gavin Newsom? Did you see what he did? They passed a bill in California where you are not allowed to even ask anyone -- not only don't you have to have voter ID, if you work for the state, if you work for anybody, no matter who you are, you are not allowed to even ask anybody for voter ID.
I don't think we'll pass that in North Carolina. No. Fellas, no. [Audience boos] I don't think that you guys are going to -- we got a lot of the big shots from North. I have a feeling that won't be before your legislature too soon, right? No. But think of that. "May I see your voter ID, please?" "Arrest him."
The only reason they do that is because they want to cheat. You know, there's no other reason. They want to cheat. And they do cheat. They cheat like hell. That's why we say too big to rig. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak, incompetent, and low-IQ person like Kamala.
She's a low-IQ person. [Audience member calls out "Moron"] She can't -- I'm not allowed to say that. A lot of wisecracks from the peanut gallery over here, Mr. Chairman. A lot of wise guys. You ought to figure these guys out. They could be good speechwriters, actually. At the end of the day, you need to ask yourself: Can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? [Audience responds "No"] And on top of it all, Kamala says she would not do one thing differently.
I would not do one thing differently from Joe Biden. Now, think of this. That means she's disqualified from running for president. Take a look.
So, if you want to end this disaster, you have to get out and vote. So important. Get everybody. Get friends. Get your friends, drag them in. You have some people there. They're couch potatoes, get them off the couch. We're pleased to be joined today by Congressman Dan Bishop, a great guy. Thank you, Dan. [Applause]
Good. Good luck. How's the race going? Good? Mr. AG, right? That's good. He's running for attorney general. He has my complete and total endorsement, by the way. He's been a great -- he's been a great congressman. I was there at the beginning, right, that first day. That was an interesting one. But you've been a great congressman.
Now, he's running for attorney general, and I think he'll go pretty much the opposite of what we're talking about here, right? Some of these stupid policies. A great gentleman, a friend of mine. He's been your speaker, and he is really a good speaker. And he's sitting here, marking down all the stuff that he's watching, and he says, "We're going to do just the opposite. We will do the opposite of no asking for -- "
Right? We don't want -- can you imagine a thing like that? If you ask for voter ID, they criminally punish you. So, I think, Tim Moore, North Carolina speaker, I think he's going to -- I have a feeling he's got a lot of good notes. You're doing a great job. Thank you, Tim, very much. Appreciate it. Congressional candidate, Pat Harrigan, who's doing very well.
Oh, he's a handsome dude. Is that good? This guy's central casting. Dan, we need a couple of guys that look like that, right? Oh, good. Good luck. I heard you're doing really well. Good. Great job. Secretary of State candidate, Chad Brown. Thank you, Chad. Good luck. The RNC chairman, who you know very well.
I mean, I'm not going to say he's done -- he has done a great job. But if we don't win, then I'm going to call him up and say, "You did a shitty job." But I think we're going to win. RNC chairman, Michael Whatley. He's great. Great guy, too. I want to thank Lara also, Lara Trump. She's incredible. You know where she is? In another part of the state campaigning.
She says, "Dad, listen. I got a campaign. I can't -- " She'd love to hear it, but she's heard it before, and she said, "I just want to campaign." But she loves your state, and she's great, and we couldn't do better. And the partnership of these two people has been amazing. North Carolina GOP chair, Jason Simmons.
And what a job. Are we doing good? Are we doing good? Good. Feel good about Tuesday, right? That's good, Jason. We have a lot of -- a lot of respect, a lot of confidence, too. Somebody that's been a friend of mine for a long time, an incredible attorney general for a long time, believe it or not. You look at her.
She looks so young, but she's been in Florida, and she was tough and smart, but she was also very fair. Pam Bondi. Thank you very much, Pam. Thank you, Pam. What a good job she does. She's very deceptive. You look, and you say, "I wonder, is she tough?" Oh, she's tough. She's scary tough, but she's fair, right? Thank you very much, Pam.
Beautiful job. And one of the great developers of our country. He's a friend of mine. He was very generous with North Carolina. You know, we were the first ones down here, and I couldn't take my plane because it was a little large for the runway. And he will always be there with his plane, and we flew down.
And he's a very successful guy. He wrote a big, fat, beautiful check. We gave it to Franklin. How good is Franklin doing, by the way? He gave it to Franklin. And his name is Steve Witkoff, wherever he may be. Steve? One of the -- one of the most successful businessmen in the country. And thank you. Very generous guy, too.
He's always -- he was very generous in Butler. And whenever he sees something, he says, "That's OK. That's what I do it for." I think that's why he becomes successful. He loves doing it. Thank you very much, Steve. We appreciate it. And we raised about $7 million for your fund, and we put a lot of it into Franklin.
We gave it to some of the best people that do this. And I'm very honored to have done it. And I'll tell you what, they're doing an incredible job. The problem is you're not getting any help from the federal government at all. And you could do something about that on Tuesday. You just remember because they say that -- they say, and I think they mean this 100 percent, it's the worst job since Katrina, and it may be worse than Katrina.
And in all fairness, as I said before, they don't have a lot of money because they've spent the money on things that I don't think they're supposed to be spending the money on. So, I just want to let you know. But you have some incredible people working on it and have been amazing. And when I was there, I couldn't believe it, what I saw, houses just ripped out of the foundations.
The foundations were ripped out. I never saw anything like it. It looked like a tornado but much wider. You know, tornado goes like a knife, right? I've seen it where it goes right through the forest. I went to so many different -- they're tragedies. If you're in the way of those suckers, you're just -- it's over.
And I've seen where tornadoes go straight. And they may only be 15 or 20 yards wide, but if you're in that path, it is over no matter what. Big trucks, 18-wheelers, turned upside down and found 100 yards down the road. Nobody's ever seen anything like that and sort of -- this was a combination. This was water, tremendous water.
We've never seen water like that, and the destruction was unbelievable. But it was very wide. It was almost the entire -- I mean, it went to the tip of Florida that didn't get hit the same way, but you people got hit the hardest probably, and we're going to really help you a lot. In just a couple of months, we're going to really help you out a lot, OK? [Applause] Thank you.
I also want to send our prayers to everyone here in North Carolina who's receiving and recovering from Hurricane Helene. That was a brutal thing. Just yesterday, it was reported that under Kamala, almost 50 percent of phone calls to FEMA for the disaster aid were unanswered. Nobody's answering the calls.
They're not there. I'll tell you what, I've been there. I haven't seen one federal official. I haven't seen one FEMA person. And I'd ask the people that were devastated, and I'll tell you the great -- the most incredible thing. So, I didn't want to say it. You always think it, but you don't want to say it.
I said, "Wow, this is going to be devastating for the election." Right? But then I said, "But I don't care about that right now. I care about helping the people," which I mean. [Applause] But here's the most amazing stat, and Michael would tell you. I thought if we got 50 percent of the vote from North Carolina, it would be great.
If we could -- you know, which is bad for me because this was largely like a Trump-type area, people that have our values, our policies, etc., etc. This was really -- and I would have been happy with 40 or 50 percent. Nobody had any idea. Then it starts, as you know, the early voting. And up till today, it's just about over with the early voting.
You broke the all-time record for voting. Can you believe that? Can you believe? [Applause] Right? Now, who would have thought that? I mean, you have people with no houses. You have people -- I mean, many people died. People don't -- they were missing. Missing is bad, real bad in the case like this, with this water like that.
But they were missing. Some will never be found. But who would think that you broke the all-time record? That means you people are incredible. The heart is incredible. When I heard that, I said, "I don't believe it. I don't believe it." But it is an amazing place. I will get you the help that you deserve.
But here are the facts on Kamala. She's a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas. You know Pocahontas? She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week is not worthy of being the president of the United States of America.
Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give Kamala their gun? [Audience responds "No"] Please raise your hand. We'll pick it up immediately. It's so crazy. And endorsed a total ban on -- a ban on handgun ownership that -- you've never seen anything like it.
And by the way, her crime rates were through the roof. Do you ever know? Do you know that Chicago has the strongest gun laws, by far, in the United States? And look at what's -- look at what's happening in Chicago. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
And perhaps most importantly of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's. She never worked at McDonald's. So, in conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. [Applause] We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands and thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina.
And we're going to bring those furniture guys back. Some of them are a little older now. Tell them to get ready. They're going to have some good years left. We will build American. We will buy American. We will hire American. I will end the war in Ukraine, which would have never happened if I was president.
I will stop the chaos in the Middle East, and I will prevent World War III. We're very close to World War III, very, very close. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield, the biggest one anywhere.
We're going to build it over our entire country, and a lot of it's going to be made right here in North Carolina, made in the USA. It's going to be made in the USA. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
And we will put in a bill that if you burn our flag or destroy our flag in any way, it's one year, one year in prison, right? [Applause] They say it's not constitutional. We're going to have to check that, Tim. They say it's not constitutional. I just think it's crazy. But we are going to do it. We're going to try and get that done.
But they do say that, and I don't know. I don't know whose definition that is, but I think I do. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms, your Second Amendment, which is under siege.
After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country, defend our borders, and protect our citizens. And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun.
We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream. We're going to bring back the American dream. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is just too big to rig. [Applause]
So, you have to get out. You have to get out and vote. I'll tell you what. A couple of days, Tuesday, you got to just wake up, and no matter what the hell you're doing, there's nothing that you can do more important. You want to take care of your house? This is more important. You won't own your house anymore.
You got to -- you got to get out. You got to vote because our country is being destroyed. Our country -- our country is under siege from the radical-left lunatics, and we can't let it happen. You have to get out. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth.
With your vote this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you. You. [Applause] It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and three days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.
You're going to save it. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. That's true. This is so important. This is the most important election you've ever voted in, and I really believe it potentially is the most important election we've ever had.
With your help from now until Election Day, we will restore America's promise, and we will bring back the nation that we love. We're going to bring it back. We're going to bring it back fast. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up.
We will never, ever back down, and we will never, ever, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight. We will win, win, win. We will vote, vote, vote. [Audience chants "Fight"] Thank you very much. That's what we have to do. November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again.
We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. RFK, Jr. is going to be in charge of that. Is that correct? Yeah. He'll be there. I said, "Bobby, just leave the liquid gold alone. Let me handle that. Just leave me alone with the liquid gold." We're going to pay off so much debt and lower your taxes.
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, North Carolina. God bless you all. God bless you. Thank you, fellas. Good luck, Dan. Good luck.
[Audience chants "USA"] Thank you very much, everybody. Hello, beautiful, beautiful, North Carolina. This is really the end of a journey, but a new one will be starting, and that's the one we've wanted to partake in, which is basically to make America great again. And now, we'll have a chance to do it after today.
Hopefully, everything will work out well. We're way leading. All we have to do is close it out. We have to close it out. If we get our vote, there's nothing they can do. This is one of those deals. If we get our vote -- we're leading every swing state, which is unheard of for the Republican Party. They're always -- they always -- they're always up at the end.
They always were. Good finishes or bad finishes, depending. Sometimes, they'd get there some but always going by losing hundreds of thousands of votes. And you'd watch it like a racehorse, and sometimes, they'd get there, and sometimes, they wouldn't. But with North Carolina, I always got there because we won every race, every poll.
So, essentially, you know, they have an expression. I hate the expression, actually, but it's ours to lose. Does that make sense to you? It's ours to lose. If we -- if we get everybody out and vote, there's not a thing they can do. And if we don't -- and if we don't, they have to get every person that ever signed anything in that horrendously dangerous party that's going to destroy our country.
And it already is destroying our country. We just can't let that happen. We cannot let that happen. So, here's my only purpose in even being here today: Get out and vote. You know that. [Applause] I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are.
You're patriots. You built this country. You built this country. But I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] You know, I've asked that question so many times. I've never had one hand go up for the other. With your vote tomorrow, I will end inflation.
I will stop the invasion of criminals coming into our country, which I happen to think is the absolute worst thing that has ever happened to our country. I've never seen it. They're putting in murderers, releasing all of their prisoners from jails all over the world, not South America, all over the world, into our country.
I think it's the worst thing. You know, in the polling, when I see the polling, I see that inflation and the economy are No. 1, which is sort of standard. But I really would like to put that because we're going to close up that border so fast. We're going to get those people out so fast. And she's not going to do it.
She couldn't do it if she wanted to. She wouldn't know what to do. They have open borders. And you know what? If things went bad today, you would have -- and tomorrow, you would have open borders the first day of that -- and you'll have -- they have 21 million people that they let into our country. Many of these people are murderers.
Think of it, 13,099 murderers, the big drug lords, the prison population from countries all over the world. And if I ran a country, I'd say, "Get my prisons -- " Open borders. They just walk in. No vetting. Think of it, no vetting. We have no idea who they are. You're not allowed to ask. You're not allowed to ask.
They just walk right into our country. And they kill people. You have murderers. See if 13,099 murders -- many of them have killed far more than one person. Bad things are going to happen. And you have terrorists at levels that we've never seen before. We had terrorists down the lowest we've -- I had in 2019.
And this isn't done by me. This is done by Border Patrol, which, by the way, endorsed me. They gave me a great endorsement. They said, "He's the greatest president ever. He's the greatest president." The head guy, boy, Paul was great. He made a beautiful speech, but he said, "He's the greatest president our country has ever had."
I said, "Does that include Lincoln, Washington, and a couple of others?" But it's very nice. But they gave me the strongest endorsement. And I have to say this. At the same little speech, they said she's the worst thing to ever happen to our country. And it's very hard for them to say that. She never made one phone call in four years to the Border Patrol.
How are we doing? I used to drive them crazy. They probably said, "Oh, no, it's the president again." Yes, yes, we're fighting our best. Yes." I used to call -- I used to drive them nuts. When I had nothing to do, I said, "Call the Border Patrol." And we got -- just drop that chart, please, my all-time favorite chart. [Applause]
My all-time favorite chart. I love that chart. I sleep with that chart. I kiss it every night before I go -- because I wouldn't be here if it weren't for the chart. If you take a look at the arrow on the bottom, that was the day I left office. That was the lowest illegal immigration we ever had, and I kept it pretty good.
And then you take a look. And we had Mexico pay for their soldiers. They didn't want to pay for their soldiers. I said, "You have to give us soldiers while we build the wall." And they paid so much money to us. And they said, "We're not going to do that." They actually laughed at me when I suggested it.
And I said, "Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to put a tariff of 100 percent on all your cars and everything that comes into the United States." They said -- you know what they said? "Sir, we would be greatly honored to let you have our soldiers free of charge, thousands. How many would you need, sir?" I said, "As many as it takes."
And they were great. They made a big contribution to our security, let me tell you. But they got to stop with -- now we're talking turkey. One of the first calls I'm going to make is to Mexico. "You stop letting people come in through our border and come in through your southern border, and you stop it."
[Applause] Because Mexico -- and I had a great -- I had a great relationship with the president, but he retired now. He left. He's a good man. He was a socialist. You can't have everything. But he was a good man. But they paid a fortune for the soldiers along the border, and we were able to have great numbers.
We built 571 miles of wall. I was going to add 200 more. By the way, far more than I said. I was talking about 200, 250. We built 571, and nobody talks about it. And you know what I did? Because we had a Congress that was not behaving. I said, "I don't care. This is an invasion of our country. I'm taking it out of the military."
And I took it out of the military because I gave them -- I gave them $725 billion. I say, "Congratulations, fellas. I'm taking out 10." "What is it for, sir?" "It's called a wall because we're being invaded by Mexico." [Applause] But now, we have a new president in Mexico, a very nice woman, they say.
I haven't met her. And I'm going to inform her on day 1 or sooner that if they don't stop this onslaught of criminals and drugs coming into our country, I'm going to immediately impose a 25 percent tariff on everything they send in to the United States of America. And the reason I delayed that -- you're the first ones I've told it to.
Congratulations, North Carolina. [Applause] And it's only got a 100 percent chance of working because if that doesn't work, I'll make it 50. And if that doesn't work, I'll make it 75 for the tough guys. And I'll make it a 100 -- then I'll make it 100. And at some point, they'll have so many soldiers on their southern border.
You know, their southern border is where they come in. They come right through. And by the way, it has a 100 percent chance of working. It's only a question -- I'll start off at 25 percent. That's a lot. You know, Mexico is our No. 1 trading partner. Do you know what that costs? They make a fortune. They've taken over our country in a way since this Biden-Harris people -- they became our No.
1 trading partner, and they're ripping us off left and right. It's ridiculous. They're not going to rip us off -- they wanted $3 billion to meet with Biden. They wouldn't have said that with me. I would have said, "Oh, really? You want $3 billion from me. I'd do the opposite. If you don't give us $3 billion, I'll impose the biggest fricking tax."
[Applause] You know, I've never told you any of this, and I wanted to wait till the day because I don't want to have her -- she's a low-IQ individual. I don't want to have -- I don't want to have her say, "You know, I had an idea last night while I was sleeping, turning, tossing, sweating because I sleep. I turn, and I toss, and I sweat, blah, blah, blah. I sleep like -- "
I don't even sleep. You know, I've gone through 62 days, 62 days without a day off. Every single day, every single day. [Applause] And you know what? She takes a day off every -- I mean, every other day. Last week, she makes a terrible little -- you know, she has these press conferences that last for about two minutes, and then she takes the day off.
You know, when you're running for the president of the United States -- and you want to do it because you have to fix the country. That's the way I'm doing. Otherwise, I wouldn't -- I could be in the most gorgeous beaches in the world right now, but I'd much rather be with you people because you people are -- I like you people better. [Applause]
I'd much rather be with you. No, I would. No. And we're doing something historic. You know, what we're doing is so -- this has never been done before. They'll never have rallies like this. You know, we had -- we went to Milwaukee the other night, and we're doing great in Wisconsin, by the way. We could have filled that arena.
What did they have? Twenty-eight thousand seats, including the floor, fully packed. We could have filled that arena three times, maybe four times. The people outside, thousands and thousands of people. There's never going to be that -- in four years, you're going to have a candidate, Republican/Democrat candidate, and they're going to come to North Carolina, right? And they're going to say, "How many are there?" And the consultants back there that make a fortune because they think they bring these people -- you know, they don't bring -- nobody brings anything.
We bring them. We, together, bring them. But you know what they're going to say? And the same people, they'll be -- very smart people. They're very good people. You have to -- you know, you can't give them too much leash. We can't give him too much. But they're going to have 250 people come, and that's standard.
See, the ladies of North Carolina, they've come. They've come. Those beautiful, beautiful ladies. You're looking -- you're looking better and better all the time. These beautiful ladies. And I think they're very well to do. I mean, I just -- they're always so beautifully quaffed. Look at that. They're just -- but here's what I love.
They're great Americans. They love our country. They love North Carolina. They come from North -- isn't it nice where you can sort of be closer? They'll travel to California. If I went to Hawaii, they'd be in Hawaii. I think they're loaded if you want to know the truth. I think their husbands -- the reason I never see their husbands is because they're working like hell because these wives are traveling all over the place.
They've been at 257 rallies. [Applause] Their husbands are going to be so happy when this ends. But I don't want -- and you know exactly what I'm saying. I don't want -- I didn't want to say this about what I'm going to do at the border. I stopped the biggest auto plant in the world from being built on the border.
China -- and I have a lot of respect for China. Look, they're smart as hell. They get angry when I say it, the fake news. [Audience boos] They're smart as hell. They're like playing chess and grandmasters against playing an average checker player and maybe a less-than-average checker player. The people -- the deals -- when I came into office, I've never seen such bad deals with Japan, with China, you know, the worst trade deals.
I actually said there's only two reasons we could have deals so bad. The people making the deals were corrupt, which I actually believe, or they were very stupid. And I think you had a combination of both. And we fixed a lot of those deals. We would have had them all fixed up, but then we had to fix COVID.
But we had the greatest -- think of it. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country, the greatest. We had the greatest border. That's done by Border Patrol. That's not a Trump special. That's done by Border Patrol. That lovely, gorgeous -- I look at it, I get tears in my eyes. And you, know, the day of the -- that horrible situation in Butler, it was just about there.
It's weird that you have it almost -- because it's usually all over the place. You have no idea where it's coming up. When I say, "Lift up the sign," I usually have to look all over. They have one over there. But that graph is so meaningful because -- but even if the numbers were bad, I would still kiss it just equally.
But those are the best numbers in the history of the border. And then, look, it was like an Elon Musk rocket ship went up. They announced they were going to open the borders. I thought they were kidding. I built 200 miles of rail, and this is what Border Patrol wanted. I wanted to have concrete plank, like in a parking lot, straight up and down the air, but you wouldn't get vision.
And concrete is not as strong in terms of steel. They have very strong specifications. They wanted to have steel, hardened steel, very hard to cut. Then they wanted to have very powerful high-number concrete. It's a very hard concrete. And then they wanted to have rebar at the highest level of steel strength in the middle because it's very hard to cut.
It's like -- it can be done if you're really good, but it's very hard. And then they wanted to have an anti-climb panel on top. I hate it. I hate the anti-climb. I said, "I don't like it." It's so beautiful without that damn panel. I said, "Don't make me do that." "Sir, it's an anti-climb panel, and it's called that for a reason."
And we actually had testers. We had guys, two guys that climbed Mount Everest. I said, "They should qualify." But you know who the best -- you know who the best were? We had drug runners. These guys are unbelievable. They went up that thing like it was nothing, with 75 pounds of drugs on their back. Drug runners, they were beating the Mount Everest -- well, it's a different profession after all.
But they were right. That Anti-climb panel stops them cold. They couldn't get over the anti-climb. So, I said, "Let's do it. Let's do it." But we built 200 miles of additional, and all they had to do was put it up. The hard work was done. They were built. It was delivered, and the hard work was done.
Highest specification, cost more money than what I would have done. But what I would have done -- they have acids that actually melt concrete. They have certain acids that you put down. Those planks were to come down very easy. These guys are ingenious. You know, if they would spend their brains on good, everything in the world would be nice.
No, they're genius, the way they smuggle drugs into our country. You got to see the cars. They build cavities and engines. So, you're inspecting a car. They have them in hubcaps that even if you take the hubcap, you can't find them. It's like a double hubcap. It's the craziest thing. If they would spend that genius on doing good for their country or for us, I mean, we would have no problem.
It's really incredible. And, you know, the people that do the trafficking, what they do with the women is they put them in trunks of cars. It's mostly women, by the way, mostly women. A lot of people say traveling and trafficking, but the trafficking is women. And the reason is it's become as big as the drugs, and the reason is because of the internet.
The internet made it a modern business and a big business. And I'll tell you, some of these guys are among the richest people in the world. And they run a real operation, and they essentially take care of Kamala because they even have an app where they can call. So, they learn where they -- where they can drop people that they're putting into the country, where they can come through with drugs.
They have an app. Can you believe? You call an app. You're now a drug trafficker or a human trafficker, and you say, ding, ding, ding, "Hello? Where do I drop these people?" "Go about seven miles up and then go a mile left and just drop them at the opening in the gate." "OK. Thank you." Can believe this? This is Kamala. [Audience boos]
So, all that stuff ends very quickly, and we'll get that thing built. But they could have had -- they could have put up 200 miles. Oh, you know what they did with that expensive stuff? And that's expensive. They had it laying in the sand, laying in the mud. It was all there to be put up. All they had to do is flip it up.
It takes -- it goes like -- they put it up real fast. Three weeks, the whole thing. We would have had 750 miles of wall. Think of it. And, boy, walls work. Walls work and wheels work. You know, they never get obsolete, right? The computers, in about two minutes, they're obsolete. And -- but we have the best computer guy there is, right? We have Elon.
And he loves it. [Applause] And you know where Elon is right now? Elon is -- right now, he's in Pennsylvania, campaigning, because he thinks -- he thinks it's the single most important thing he's ever worked on. Elon Musk. And we want to thank him. He's an amazing guy. When I saw that rocket came down -- when I saw that sucker come down -- 22 stories, by the way.
You know, people think it's like five feet high. It's 22 stories. That sucker is coming down, and it's -- those engines were blowing. He says it's all computers. You know, it's true. That thing, I said, "Oh, man, it's going to crash." "No, dude, it's going right into the gantry." "It's going to crash."
And then the engines, the fire starts blowing. The bottom left, the whole bottom left is blowing, and it just pushed it up, and then it came down. And those two big arms, you saw the arms, they grabbed that thing like you grab your beautiful baby. See, I've gotten much better. Years ago, I would have said something else, but I've learned.
You have to learn. I would have been a little bit more risque. Like you grab your child -- you grab your child, and it put it in place. And I called Elon, and I said, "Was that you?" "Yes." And I said, "That's genius." He said, "Yeah, it's -- it was a lot of -- a lot of brainpower went into that." I said, "Why do you do that?" He said, "Well, we don't want to drop a ship in the ocean every time it goes, and you have to start all over. Those things cost billions of dollars."
He said, "This way, we save them." I said, "Can Russia do that?" "No." "Will they be able to?" "No, not for a long time." "What about China?" "No." You know, we opened up Space Command. We did the whole thing. If we didn't do that, we'd be way, way behind. [Applause] Space Force, you know, Space Force, they got -- one of the many -- we did so many things with the tax cuts, the regulation cuts, the right to try for those people that are terminally ill.
You get the right to try our medicines here instead of going to Asia and Europe. Or if you have no money going home, which is -- about 99 percent have no money, and they go home. But the few people that have the kind of money you need for that that go to Europe, that go to Asia. And we have the best labs in the world, and nobody ever talks about it.
They tried to get it for 50 years. I got it done, passed through Congress. You think anything is easier to get passed through to those guys? It's not easy. But we did so many things, and we've saved thousands and thousands of lives. It's worked out unbelievably. And, you know, nobody wanted it. The scientists didn't want it because they're terminally ill.
They don't want to start from a terminally ill person. It looks bad on the records. They didn't want record sheets. The insurance companies hated it. It was very, very -- I got everybody into a room. Our country hated it because our country will get sued. When somebody's terminally ill, they die, and they sue the country.
I said, "You can't do that." I got everybody in the room, and I signed an agreement. I had -- everybody agreed that we're going to work beautifully with people that are terminally ill, but they're not going to be allowed to sue anybody. If they die, they die, and if they live, it's going to be the greatest story.
We have saved thousands of people, and nobody ever talks about it. You know, nobody ever talks about it. Thousands and thousands. [Applause] I mean, we have a person in this room who was saved by right-to-try where a, you know, a space-age drug is doing things, but it takes a long time to get them approved.
Although I cut it in half. I cut that time in half. But the FDA takes 12 years sometimes to get something. And by the time it's approved, a lot of people are gone. So, when they're terminally ill, we get them that drug right away. They sign. They sign an agreement that I or my family will not ever, for any reason and under any circumstance, sue the United States government, such and such a drug maker, such and such a lab, Dr.
Schwartz, Dr. Jones. We will not sue anybody. We just want to get better. That's all it says. Pretty good, right? That's pretty good for a semi -- for only a semi non-lawyer, but that's essentially what it says. And, you know, the funny thing is the ones that were most against it were the drug companies and the labs.
We have the greatest labs in the world. What we're doing, space-age things are -- and we got it started. It was -- it was dying on the limb before I came along. Well, NASA was dead. When I came along, all you're seeing with the space -- and NASA was dead. NASA had grass growing out of its -- out of its runways.
I mean, they had -- every time there was a crack, you had grass. This place was dead. Now, it's the most vibrant center anywhere in the world. All of their centers, it's vibrant. And Elon brought it back, and the people at NASA are doing a great job. They're all working together. They're all working together.
But we brought it back. It was dead [Applause] And ultimately, we were -- you know, we want to go to Mars and all. But what I wanted for is defense. And Russia and China were killing us in space, and space is so important. It's going to end up being -- maybe. I don't want to say more important than the Marines because they'll never speak to me again.
But I'll tell you what, it is going to be right up there in terms of importance. It's important. If we didn't have it, we were being lapped by China. They have stuff up there. And Russia, even though they're a little bit busy killing a lot of people. A war that would have never taken place. Zero chance.
I'd speak to Vladimir Putin a lot. It was the apple of his eye. "Don't do it. Don't do it." I mean, I closed up his pipeline. It was dead Nord Stream 2. Biden came in, and he allowed it to go. But he closed up the Keystone XL pipeline, our pipeline. Think of that. I said, "No, Joe, you got it wrong. You let Keystone go forward, and you close up the Russian pipeline."
But he did -- he did the opposite. And then they said, "Oh, Trump loves Russia. Trump loves Russia." No. It's the biggest project they've ever had. I closed it up. Then he came in. The first day he was there, he let them build it. So -- what is that? Oh, that sounds so cute. I love dogs. I love dogs. [Applause]
We love dogs. You know, Lara Trump, by the way, you happen to know she's married to my son, and she's the vice chairman. Along with Michael, they're doing an incredible job. [Applause] But she would come into the office, and she loves dogs and pets. And she would get me to do things for doggies that you wouldn't believe.
Dad, we have to make the cages larger. We have to provide air-conditioning. Can you believe? I didn't know too much about it, but you understand what I'm saying in these kennels where they're obviously not treated too good. I said, "So, do we have to give them a steam bath, or do we have -- " No, she was very, very strong, and I did all of -- I listened to her.
When she talks, I listen. But Laura was so incredible. As you know, she was born in North Carolina, lived here her whole life. [Applause] And even Ted Budd, who is doing an incredible job. And I said, "Ted, run for the Senate." And he said, "I'll do it, but I'm only going to do it if Lara's not going to run."
Is that right? He said, "I'm only doing it if Lara -- " And she said, "You know, I've devoted so much time, and I'm raising these beautiful children, and I have a great husband, and you know -- and Ted is great." She said that. She said, "You have a great guy in Ted." Very nice. But he did say that. And I -- you know, a lot of people will say they'll bull through.
Nobody would have had a chance. It's very -- they love her. They love her in the party. They love her in the -- even the Democrats love her. Can you believe it? Stand up, Ted. Stand up. [Applause] And he's doing a great job. But I thought that was really nice. And she knew he would do a great job. Tomorrow, you have to stand up and tell Kamala that you've had enough.
You can't take anymore. [Audience member calls out "She's fired."] You just can't. What? They're all screaming, "Fire her, please." I mean, she's -- what a terrible job, what they have done to our country. And you're going to say that to her. You're going to say, "You've done a terrible job. You're grossly incompetent. We're not going to take it anymore. Kamala. you're fired. Get the hell out. Get the hell out of here. You're out of here. Get out of here."
[Applause] That's what you're doing. [Audience chants "Trump"] Thank you very much. So, with your vote, we're going to win North Carolina. We're going to defeat Kamala, and we're going to make America great again. [Applause] I hope you don't mind that that entire opening -- you know, I was going to get out of here fast.
I'm doing four of these things today. They're big. And the voice is holding up just about barely, but I had to express it. You have been a very special group to me because I've won every -- I've never lost a primary. I've never lost -- in North Carolina, I've won everything. I won those elections. I've made all these friends. [Applause]
So, I'd just give you a little bit of a thing. And by the way, the press will say, "Oh, he rambled." No, that's not ramble. You know what that is? That was genius. That's the weave. No, see? I wove. Frankly, the rest of it, I don't really even have to talk about. But that was the ultimate weave. And think of it.
Isn't it nice that you can have a president that doesn't need to use a teleprompter? Isn't it nice? And I got to go a little quicker now because you know what? I took Marco's place, and I took Sarah Huckabee Sanders' place. I said, "Do you mind if I go now?" Because you know what? We got to keep a schedule.
And I'm going to ask them to come up right now. Just come up. Because I took their place, and it's so rude. Marco is a big winner, beautiful winner from Florida, as you know. He's a great guy. He's my friend. And Sarah is now the governor of Arkansas. And we love those people in Arkansas. So, while I'm talking, I'm going to ask them to come.
See, we're trying to conserve a little time. But they are incredible people. Oh, come on up, if you can, if you're around, wherever. Come on. OK? That's called efficiency. I figure Sarah would be finished now, and Marco would just about be getting started. Two great friends, two very talented -- no, but I figured Sarah would just about now be finishing, and Marco would be starting.
And, you know, he's a great speaker. They're both great speakers. They speak for a long time, and I'd be sitting in the back. I'd say, "Get them off the stage now." They were so nice. And I'm going to just ask them to each say a little bit, and we're then going to make our next stop. Come on. Thank you, Sarah.
[Audience chants "USA"] OK. So they both did better. If they stood up here and spoke each for half an hour, what they just did was better and appreciated and brings us a little bit into schedule. You know, one thing I was -- I was -- Marco was talking, and I said, "You had -- you got hit so hard by that hurricane."
And we cared only -- we didn't care about what we're doing today. We only cared about saving lives, and we did a good job. FEMA did a horrible job. The administration, they're still not there. You know why? Because they've spent all their money on bringing in murderers and a lot of people. They spent all their money on bringing in illegal migrants.
They've also taken a lot of your jobs, especially jobs from the Black population. But think of this. When I started having to think about North Carolina a little bit in terms of a thing called the election, I said to -- our people back there have been fantastic. Chris, Susie, everybody. I said, "You know, we got a problem because North Carolina is reliable for me. I mean, I've never lost there. Never lost."
And I don't think we're going to start now. I don't think. I've never lost there. We have a beautiful lead right now in early voting. You know, last time, I wasn't leading in the first. I won it twice, but I was way behind. In fact, I went to my people. I said, "Hey, man, I'm like way behind here. What's going on, Michael?" Right? What was it, like 200,000 votes? I said, "How the hell do I win? I'm two -- " But the later voting came in, Republican.
Boom. And we blew them away, right? He was right. He said, "Just relax. Just relax." I'm screaming, "What the hell happened in North --- what happened in North Carolina?" But that's the way it works. I mean, the Republicans are used to voting late. They do it. They feel better about it. They want to be there on Tuesday.
And that's all we want them to do, is do the same thing that they've done. But I have to say an amazing thing happened because I went down. I was -- I had to be the first, but I went -- first, I went close, but I didn't want to bother people. I mean, it was devastating. And then shortly thereafter, I went to the sites, and it was -- it was horrible.
The houses were ripped. People are still missing. Many people died. A lot of people don't know that. You had terrible FEMA response, like nonexistent. Franklin Graham was great, and so many other people were great. [Applause] And I made -- I made a big contribution toward the effort. But I said, "Rather than me doing it.."
I was ready to do it. But I said, "I'll give it to Franklin and others that are doing so well." That's amazing, some of the people that work there. So, we gave him a lot of money, and they're doing a job. But no response. But you know what? I said to Michael and I said to other people, "These people have been wiped out. Their houses are gone."
You got to see -- I mean, trees are ripped, giant trees, 10-foot in diameter. They're ripped out like they were toothpicks. I've never seen anything like it. And just clean. Not only are the houses gone, but the concrete foundations were taken out. You'd see them laying 20 miles down the road. It was the most devastating that you could imagine.
I said, "We'll be lucky -- " And this was a very Trump area. We know what that means. It's Trump, Trumpy. They call it a Trumpy area. And with a lot of love and great people, no crime, no nothing, just great people. But it was devastated, you know, essentially destroyed. You'll probably have it built back in about 15 minutes, right? Because that's the way you are, workers.
But I said, "You know, if we get 50 percent of the vote -- I don't know. They're not going to show up." So, I figured anywhere -- not having done this business that long, actually, I figured very accurately. Anywhere from 25 to 50 percent of the people may come and vote. And here's what happened. The lines were through the roof.
I don't know where the hell you all came from. [Applause] We had a man and woman standing in line, good-looking couple, but the man's shirt had mud on it, and the woman was cloaked. I mean, it was -- I said, "Man, look at this." And they're standing in line, getting ready to vote. And it was a long line, too.
And you broke the all-time record for North Carolina early voting, right? I've never seen anything -- I've never seen -- so we love you. [Applause] Look, this is why -- this is why our country is great, and it's people like you. It's really amazing. Over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted upon its people.
She has violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails and insane asylums and mental institutions all around the world, from Venezuela to the Congo in Africa, stealing countless American lives. They're killing people. They're killing people at will.
Only days ago, an illegal alien from North -- and this is a -- this was a rough one. It just happened. You know that. An illegal alien from North Africa, who Kamala let into our country with her horrendous open border, just a dangerous horrendous situation, traveled to a Jewish neighborhood in Chicago and tried to execute a Jewish man on the street, shooting him in the back as he walked to synagogue.
He then opened fire on police and paramedics, shooting an ambulance, before police returned fire and ended his rampage fairly quickly. [Applause] Our police -- and by the way, our police have got to be respected. We have to give their dignity back. We can't take their pensions, their house, their family.
They want to stop crime. We have to let them stop crime. We have to give them their dignity and their honor back. In July, an illegal alien who Kamala released into our country again with her open border, just walked right through -- "Sir, did he do anything wrong?" And they could look -- you know the guys from ICE, they're great.
and they could look at somebody and say -- they can say where he's from, what he did, how many people did he kill. And they don't like what they're doing. They have a much easier job doing what they're doing right now, but they want to stop people, and they want to get them out, or they want to put them in jail.
Some are so bad, you can't actually let out. If you did, it would actually be dangerous just to bring them back to their countries. Their countries weren't accepting them back until I came. You know, with Barack Hussein Obama -- I call him the great divider. He's a great divider, and he hit -- oh. And Michelle hit me the other -- I was so nice to her.
Out of respect, I was so nice. She hit me the other day. I was going to say to my people, "Am I allowed to hit her now?" They said, "Take it easy, sir. Sir, take it easy." My geniuses, I'm telling you, they said, "Just take it easy." "Oh, what do you mean? She said bad about me. I can't hit back?" "Sir, you're winning. Just relax."
Is that good -- is that good or bad advice? I think it's neutral. You know what? You know what the response is there? It's like, "Nah." What do the ladies from North Carolina think about? Hit back or just be -- just relax? [Audience replies "Hit back"]
Oh, they say hit back. You say hit back. I'd actually love to hit back, but we'll hold it a little while. Let's -- we'll hold it. I'd love to hit back, but -- oh, no, no, she took some shots at me the other day. I said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, what have we here? I never heard that before." I've always treated her very nicely.
But he's a great divider, Barack Hussein Obama. He's a great divider. But he never did -- you know, he came out the same way for Hillary. How did that work out? Oh. And his news, it's breaking today. "Sleepy Joe Biden has announced officially that he likes Trump more than he likes -- " Come on. [Applause] And he actually hates my guts, but he likes Trump more than he likes -- oh, he hates her.
They walked into the office. He just got 14 million votes. He voted for me. That's one of the ladies from North Carolina. He voted for -- she said he voted for -- he probably did, you know? It'd be an interesting thing to follow him in with a camera. Why not? They spied on my campaign, right? So, why the hell couldn't you do that? But Sleepy Joe said, "I don't want to leave."
You're leaving, Joe. This was Crazy Nancy. She's such a bad one. She's already plotting a move to try and impeach him. I'm going to -- she's already -- she's a bad, sick woman. She's crazy as a bedbug. She is a crazy -- she is a -- she's a -- remember what -- remember she ripped up the paper behind me? Yeah, she could have gone to jail for that.
You're not allowed to do that. She's a -- I think Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace. They impeached me on no evidence. I did nothing wrong. Fortunately, the Republicans stood up for me 100 percent. But Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace, the hatred she brings. She's got real hatred. And yet she can sell a stock like Visa last week, right? And the following day, they announced a major investigation into Visa.
But she got out, and the fake news back there does nothing about it. They should be ashamed. [Audience boos] And by the way, just to get it straight because there will be reports -- it's already probably out over the wires. I should have done it -- I'm only kidding about Joe. He didn't -- he didn't officially say that, but I believe, OK? It's probably already out on the wires that -- "We have an official report from -- " You know, because this is pretty big stuff up here.
So, when I say it's official -- no, no. I'm only kidding. In July, an illegal alien who Kamala released into our country was arrested in Charlotte, North Carolina for stalking a woman into a public bathroom and attempting to forcibly rape her. In Wilmington, North Carolina, three months ago, an illegal from Venezuela brutally stabbed a man to death just four days after he was arrested for domestic violence.
But instead of being deported, this criminal alien was released, so he can kill, and that's what he did. These terrible atrocities are happening every day in our cities and towns. They're going after young girls. They're going after old men. They're going after anybody that moves. They don't care. And, you know, different from us, the moment they kill, they don't even think about it.
We don't kill. But can you imagine if something happened? We would -- it would be devastating. They don't even think. They wake up the next morning, and they don't even think about the damage and the havoc and the ruin they've caused families and the pain. And these are coming back. These people are coming into our country at levels that have never been seen in any country.
No third-world country would allow it. They'd stand at that border with sticks and stones and say, "You're not coming in here." I want you to hear directly from a mother whose world has been shattered because Kamala let savage illegal alien murderers into our country. Please.
Very sad. That was a few days ago that we had the news announcement, and it was the day when the Border Patrol endorsed me so strongly, and I was so honored by it. And we talked about Jocelyn. She was there and talked about Jocelyn. I mean, it's just so unnecessary. It would have never happened. They wouldn't have been able to get into the country.
It would have never happened. So many things wouldn't have happened. Inflation wouldn't have happened. Russia-Ukraine wouldn't have happened. Israel wouldn't have happened. The October 7th Israel attack would have never happened. Those people would all be alive. Most of them are gone, I believe. I think that's part of the reason they're not wanting to negotiate so much.
They said, "Oh, I can't believe it." They probably -- most of those hostages, sadly, it's -- I think they're in -- they're possibly gone. Most of them are gone. And it would have never happened. That attack would have never happened. All those people would be alive. And the Afghanistan -- the greatest embarrassment in the history of our country, I believe.
They took the soldiers out first. You have to take the soldiers out last. It's very simple. Milley should have been fired, all those generals. Kelly should have been -- Kelly was such a disaster. You know, some people are good. Some people are not good. Some people are stupid. But who would think that you take the soldiers out first? Mattis made big mistakes.
But remember, this about our military. We defeated ISIS, and I got you into no wars because we had great people. I had mostly great people. [Applause] We had mostly great people. And when I went to Washington, I didn't know anybody. I was a New York guy. I was only there 17 times, according to the media.
And I went to Washington, and you know, I said, "Listen, I just became president, but I don't know anybody." And you rely on very good people. Some are RINOs. And, you know, there are decent RINOs, too, but they give you RINOs back. And we don't like the RINOs. We don't think they do the job properly.
But we did a phenomenal job. I just want to say that the day that I take office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer. November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. [Applause]
And on day 1, I will launch the largest deportation of criminal program in American history. And a president named Dwight Eisenhower, a great general, a better president than people were saying, actually, but he believed in strong borders. He hated to see people come through our border, and he has the record right now.
But I suspect that record -- unfortunately, it's not something I want to do, but we have no choice. We can't allow murderers and drug dealers and all these people. They're all pouring into our country, and we can't allow it. We won't have a country left. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered.
They've been conquered. Our towns have been -- you take a look at Aurora, take a look at Springfield. We have a town of 50,000 people, and they drop 30,000 illegal migrants. They used a little technicality, so we don't call them -- but that -- to me, that's illegal. In any event, there's no way a town can subsist.
You have hospitals where people who go for a checkup can't get checkups anymore. The whole place is being flooded. And these are -- they come from largely a troubled country, a very troubled country, very dangerous country but a very troubled country. And they have another little problem. They don't speak a word of English.
So, the mayor, who's a nice guy, is looking for interpreters. This isn't what we're all about. Thirty thousand people going to a 50,000-people town, Springfield. Springfield, Ohio. No problems. We had a beautiful little town, and now it's horrible. And this is happening all over. Those are examples. Aurora in Colorado, you have a radical-left lunatic governor that has no idea what the hell he's doing.
And Colorado should vote for me because of what they put me through. They tried to take me off the ballot when I was leading both the Republican and Democrat parties. [Audience boos] And it went to the Supreme Court of the United States, and in a unanimous decision, they say, "I'm sorry, you're going to have to beat him at the polls. You know, you're going to have to beat him at the polls."
And hopefully, they're not going to be able to beat me. And the people of Colorado, you know who is more angry about that than the Republicans? The Democrats, the regular Democrats. And I think we have a chance of -- I hope that Colorado is watching now. And I think we have a chance of winning Colorado because of what they did.
That was -- you talk about democracy, that was a threat to democracy. See, that was a real threat to democracy. And we will put the vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in a jail. We'll kick them out of the country. We'll take care of it. But to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua and other savage gangs like MS-13 -- we have a lot of gangs.
They're bad ones. They're tough, tough people. Thank goodness we have ICE and Border Patrol, and we have great law enforcement. We have great, great law enforcement. [Applause] I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I'm hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities, they're sanctuary for criminals, in the United States of America.
And to secure our border and working along with all of the things we're going to be doing, we are going to rescue our economy. Four years of Kamala has delivered nothing but economic hell for our American workers. Her inflation disaster has made life unaffordable and cost families over $30,000 in higher prices.
And just days ago, we had the worst jobs report in modern history. You know that. I looked up, I said, "Thank you. Thank you." Because they tried to hold it. They tried not to put the report out. Kamala said, "Don't put that report. It'll cost me the election." But the problem is the fake news doesn't want to report on it. [Audience boos]
So, usually, you're hearing 200,000 jobs, 300,000. Sometimes, like 400,000. We had the best numbers people have ever seen. But usually, you look at it, a lot of -- you know, hundreds of thousands of jobs. Routinely, it's expanding. And 12,000 jobs were created. That's a depression. Twelve thousand jobs were created, but that's the good news.
Thirty thousand private sector jobs were killed in a single month. Nearly 100,000 manufacturing jobs have been wiped out since the start of this year. One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls in October. This is in one month. I always said -- I just -- I would never want to have a thing like this happen.
And I've been saying it's going to happen because of what they're doing, because they know nothing about economics or business. Or honestly, they're stupid people. We have stupid people leading our nation. [Applause] And nearly 250,000 people dropped out of the labor force. They dropped out because they couldn't get a job.
Can you imagine that? Can you imagine? These are the numbers, and they don't want to talk about it, but that's OK. These numbers are disqualifying. These numbers make them -- you know, because the famous quote, it's all about the economy. Stupid. We have the worst economy that we've ever had since the 1929 depression.
These are depression numbers, and it's going to get worse. But see, they'll blame it on me. She just said. They'll blame it on me. But you see, that's what I didn't want. I didn't want to be sworn in and then have these numbers come then. I said, "I hope it comes before I go into office. Otherwise, I'll get blamed."
I didn't want to be a certain president -- [Audience member calls out "You're the best president."] Thank you. I didn't want to be a certain president that had to preside over, got into office, and it all crashed down, people jumping off buildings. It all came. This is the beginning. Just remember this.
This was a very -- this is an important day. Last week, the end of last week, remember? That was a very important time. Just think, a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed 818,000 jobs were created, 818,000. And it was a fraud. When, in fact -- [Audience boos] When in fact, there were no jobs that were created.
It was all a lie, and they thought they'd be able to get away with it through the election. But there was a whistleblower, and the whistleblower couldn't stand what they were doing and blew the whistle on them, and they got caught. [Applause] And now, again, they've just revised past job reports because they had another whistleblower.
So, they had to do it. They wanted to wait till after the election again. And they found another 112,000 fake jobs. In other words, jobs that they're reporting exist, and they don't exist. It's a fraud. That's 1 million fake jobs. Now, when you look at the numbers and you see those jobs, it didn't make it look great, not like our years, but you know what? It made it look like pretty normal, pretty good.
There was no story. Meanwhile -- think of this. Meanwhile, 100 percent of net jobs created in the last year have gone to migrants. Can you imagine? Not to our population. Migrants. But these are depression-type numbers, and that's where we're heading if she's elected. Under my leadership, we are quickly going to turn this economic nightmare into an economic miracle.
You'll see. [Applause] And we're going to make America wealthy again, and we will make America, very importantly, affordable again because people cannot afford the prices. The prices are too high. We're just one day away from the best jobs and biggest paychecks and the brightest economic future that the world has ever seen.
But you must go and vote. And Kamala talks about fixing the economy, but why doesn't she do it? She always goes, "Yes, we're going to do this. We're going to give you tax hikes." You know what? She wants to give -- she wants to raise people's taxes. That's how the depression started, by the way. Herbert Hoover.
Herbert Hoover. He raised the interest rates and the taxes at the same time, and it went -- it just went boom. That's what she wants to do. She wants to increase your taxes. Interest rates are too high. They are too high. Kamala's plan will impose the largest tax hike in American history and raise taxes on the typical American family by $3,000.
My plan will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits. [Applause] To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy, and we will drill, baby, drill. We're going to drill. Right? And I will cut your energy prices.
You have very high energy prices, I have to say. You have high energy prices, and you don't have FEMA. Those people, they better get that FEMA here fast. But we're going to -- on January 20th, you'll see a whole different -- just tell everybody to sit back, relax. January 20th, you'll see people come in and help you out like we did in the past.
We had great FEMA. We operated -- we had so many -- a lot of hurricanes. We helped Puerto Rico more than anybody. I mean, Puerto Rico was -- Puerto Rico was -- we helped them so much. They loved me, and I loved them. They -- Puerto Rico -- see? She loves me. She loves me, and I love her, too, actually. [Applause]
No, we helped -- we had great FEMA. We helped Puerto Rico and other places at levels nobody ever saw before. We got in there. We sent hospital ships. We sent everything. They got hit hard. Puerto Rico got really hit hard a lot. They still do. And I'll cut your energy prices in one-half. We have more liquid gold than any country, Russia, Saudi Arabia.
Right there. It's under your feet. We're going to cut your energy prices by 50 percent. And when that happens, everything else is going to come down. That's what brought it up. [Applause] And before leaving, I just want to introduce some people that have just been great. Senator Ted Budd. You know he's great.
Congressman Dan Bishop, who's running for attorney general, and he was a great congressman, and he'll be a great attorney general. Candidates for Congress, Brad Knott and Alan Swain. They're terrific. Please. OK. Good luck. I heard you're doing great. Our great RNC chairman. Now, if we don't win, I'm not going to be saying that I'm going to take it back, OK? But I think we've got it under control, wouldn't you say? The great Michael Whatley of North Carolina.
No, we're going to win. And Michael had one message for you. All you have to -- we don't need your money. We don't need anything. We got plenty of money. We got plenty of everything. All we need is a very simple vote. Just go out and vote and get your friends to vote, too. Bring them along, you know.
And a man who I'm so proud of because he stepped into very big shoes, Michael's shoes, GOP chair, Jason Simmons. We're looking good. Thank you. These guys don't let us down. I mean, I took the man from North Carolina. I moved him to the top. That's a nice statement. When all those other things were falling off a cliff, right, ballots have been found.
But this guy had 603 lawyers, and we had him stymied. You don't think they would have done that here, too? But we have a good legal team now. We're watching them, and they're watching. They don't know what -- I think they're -- I think they're very upset at what we've done. But Michael has really established some power, some power to -- all we want -- and we don't want any -- we just want a fair election.
That's all we want, you know. [Applause] A friend of mine and former acting attorney general, Matt Whitaker. Thank you very much. Alice Johnson's here. Where's Alice Johnson? What a -- oh, look at my beautiful -- somebody came in to see me. They said there's a woman that's been in jail for 22 years, just approximately but, like, around that number, a beautiful woman, a great woman.
Everyone in prison loves her. She's like the -- the person that everybody -- she's a high quality. And how much longer does she have to stay? Another 28 years. She's been there for 22 years, a model prisoner. And people called me about her. I've been hearing about her. And what happened was amazing. I checked it out, and I said, "Wow, this is -- that's a hell of a big sentence."
For doing what people do now, and they don't even get fined, right? So, she's in there for 22 years. So, I got her out of prison. I said, "I'm doing that." [Applause] You look beautiful. Wow. Can you imagine? She was actually on a phone call. They had a couple of guys selling drugs and stuff, and she was on the call.
They gave her 22 years plus, I guess, 50, 60 years or something. I mean, it's unbelievable. Today, they wouldn't even give you a fine. And it's, you know -- and that's no good either, by the way, because of what's going on. But it was one of the best feelings. I mean, I've had a lot of good feelings.
We had a lot of victories, I'll tell you what. But that was one of the really good feelings. And then I said to Alice, "Alice -- " She came into the White House. I said, "How many people are like you in prison, in your prison, big prison?" She said, "Many, sir." I said, "Really? Are they all that way? Are they?" "No, sir."
And that was a good answer because I knew they weren't. You know, she would have said yes. Then I would have said, "Well, you gave me the right answer. You don't know it." But she said, "Many, many great people." I said, "Give me a list of your top 25 or 30 or 50 or 10, whatever it is. Give me a list of really good people who shouldn't be there."
And she gave me a list, and we got every one of them out immediately, right? Right? [Applause] Just a great woman. Thank you very much. And I didn't know you were going to be here. That's very nice. She still likes me. Well, she's got to like me. What the hell? I mean, could you imagine if she were like some of these guys? Sometimes, they'll endorse somebody, and they won't be that -- can you imagine when -- this would be a story.
I got her out of 28 years, and then she comes out against me. I'd say -- but stuff like that happens in politics, I got to tell you, but not with that one. It doesn't. We love you. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause] So, I didn't even put it here. You know, we have so much stuff, and I don't want to bore you.
But I was asked by a group of people, mostly African American. People came to my office. They said, "We've been trying for 30 years to get criminal justice reform." Obama couldn't do it. Nobody could do it. Nobody could do it. And they came to my office, and they said, "We have a problem. We're five votes short, and we need five conservative senators that are hardline."
And actually, we had conservative senators that loved it, Ted, right? We had some conservative senators that were actually supporting it. But I called up some of the senators, and one of them, in particular, was great. He said, "You got it." He was leading it. He said, "Sir, you got it." I said, "I got what? I haven't even asked you a question yet."
You're calling about criminal justice reform, and I'm the one that's leading against it, right? But you got it because if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't even be a senator. And if you feel that way, I'm giving it to you. That's the way it was. I got five guys in 10 minutes. [Applause] And we got it done, and it was -- because I see this guy.
I don't know who he is, but I see him on television, sort of a lightweight, I think, not a very smart guy. But you know what? He came in. He was one of the people that came into the office, a Black gentleman named Van Jones, right? Right? So, he came in, and I was impressed with him. You know, good-looking guy.
He was crying uncontrollably that it was going to fail again, and there were like 10 African American people and a couple of others, but mostly African American. And he was sitting right in front of me and weeping and saying it's -- and I really thought it was great because you know what? That's OK. I mean, he's trying to get people like Alice out.
That's good. And it didn't -- there were no provisions for anything. It was really draconian. And what I did is I said, "That's really nice. Look, I'm going to see if I can get this for you." I got it done in about two hours, and we had criminal justice reform. And they announced a news conference that night.
Van Jones. Van Jones, who -- I don't know. The only time I think I ever met him was in the Oval Office. They came in with a group about criminal justice reform. And remember, Obama couldn't get -- nobody could get it. Nobody. Bush couldn't get it. They all tried. Why wouldn't they try? So, what happens is -- he was crying profusely.
I told him, "Congratulations. We're going to get it for you." And I got it. And then they announced a news conference that night in some place in Washington, D.C., and he was heading up the news conference. I said, "First Lady, come on over here. I'm going to show you something really nice. This is really a beautiful thing. I'm very happy I was able to do this. I got them the vote that they could have never gotten."
Five conservative senators. You wouldn't have gotten these guys, so you got to know what we're dealing with here. They were seriously hard right. And that's good. That's fine. You got hard left. You got hard right. And I said, "First Lady, people love -- " She's got the No. 1 best-selling book in the country.
Can you believe it? Can you believe it? [Applause] I wouldn't have even said that, except I read it, and it's really good, you know. Can you imagine if I didn't read it and I didn't like it? No, she's great, and she loves you. She says hello. But she's got the No. 1 -- that's a big achievement in life.
On "The New York Times" list. Do you know how -- that book has to sell 20 times more than it should in order for her to be the No. 1 bestseller. So, we're proud of her. She's great. And she was a great first lady. People love her. People love her. [Applause] And I said, "First Lady, First Lady -- " See, this is a little bit of a weave.
You see those stories? First lady, book. Boom. But you got to always bring it back. When it comes to a time when it doesn't meet at the bottom, then it's time to say, "Let's not do this shit anymore." We won't do this anymore. But -- so what happened is Van Jones was crying, and now I tell him it's OK.
He was the happiest guy. It was beautiful. He got a nice way about him, nice look, you know, real nice look, smart. And I heard they were going to have a big news conference to announce it later on that evening, and they had it. And I said, "First Lady, come on. This is what I want you to watch." Because I wouldn't say she's in love with politics, you know.
I wouldn't say it's her first thing on the book. She's not in love with politics. She says, "It's a very unfair situation," but I said, "Welcome to politics, right?" But she's been so popular. She's raised so much money for people with Be Best. So, I said, "Listen, you got to watch this." So, we sat down, and we were watching the news conference open, and Van Jones was introducing everybody that -- I never heard of any of them.
I want to thank this one. I want to thank that one. I want to thank Al Sharpton. The guy had nothing to do with it. Nothing. He had nothing. It was just a con job. I've known Al for a long time. It's just a con job. "So, I want to thank Al Sharpton." He wants to thank all these people. I never met any of them.
Some were names. He was thanking Democrat senators that opposed it. He was thanking everybody. And before it started, I said, "Honey, look, we're human." I said, "Baby, where did you hear the nice things he says about me? It's unbelievable. It's going to be unbelievable. So, come here because this is really bringing the country together."
So, she said, "Oh, that's nice." So, we sat and watched. And after announcing the first 10 or 12 names, she looks at me. "Do you think he's going to say anything about you?" "Yeah, I think so. Maybe he's saving me for the end. He saved the best for last." He went through so many names, and he never mentioned my name.
He never mentioned my name. And every time I see that guy -- not that I needed it. I get enough publicity. But can you imagine that? And then they wonder about why you don't bring people together. Van Jones went through so many names that night. They were up on the stage with him. And it was only done because of a guy named Donald J.
Trump. And I just thought -- you know, I haven't related that story, but little things -- now I'm relieved. I don't have to -- I don't have to carry around that stuff. But all I know is that our beautiful Alice Johnson is out of prison, and she should have never been there for that kind of a thing or certainly not for very long.
We love you, Alice. It's great that you're there. We'll always be your friend. And just quickly, I want to also thank Steve Witkoff. He's here. He's a friend of mine. He's been traveling with me. He's one of the most successful developers, and he gave a lot of money to Franklin Graham also. I want to tell you that.
So, Steve Witkoff. Wherever Steve is. Thank you, Steve. And Howard Lutnick is along with an unbelievable woman, Linda McMahon. They're heading up transition, and they're going to do a great job. He's got a great story. He's been a very successful person, but he had to rebuild his firm because of the attack on the World Trade Center.
He lost his entire firm and then rebuilt it bigger, better, stronger. And he gave a big portion of the proceeds to the people that were killed. He lost the top three floors of the building. He was in his firm. Cantor Fitzgerald was on the top three floors of the World Trade Center. They were all gone, including his brother.
And he rebuilt that firm, and it's now bigger. And he gave a big chunk. He didn't have to do that. And he's just a very highly respected man on Wall Street. And he's involved in the transition at a high level. [Applause] And I also would like to pay homage and add -- because they're great people. They're great people.
It's -- you know, we all like to brag about our kids, and sometimes, maybe we shouldn't. And some people, you know -- but you have your kids. You love your kids. But these are great children. Great -- I mean, they're not children anymore, but to me, they'll always be children, right? They're your children.
If they're 25 or 35 or 40 -- I mean, Don is not a child. Eric is not a child. Tiffany is now going to have a beautiful baby. [Applause] And I want to -- Ivanka called me a little while ago. She sends her love to everybody. She's terrific. And I have a guy who's at home with the first lady, and he's very smart.
He got into a great college, and he's now in college. He's 18 years old, and he's doing great. And he gives me good advice. "Dad, just take it easy now. You just take it easy, dad, all right? You don't have to go too much here." He gives me good -- he's very wise. And also Michael Boulos, who's fantastic.
His family is fantastic. And I said -- so in conclusion, with your vote tomorrow, we're going to fire Kamala. We're going to save America, and we're going to cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to North Carolina.
We will build American. We will buy American. We will hire American. And I will end the war in Ukraine. It should have never started if I were president. It would have never started. And the Middle East would have never started. Israel would -- all those people would be alive. And I will prevent, I promise, World War III.
We're very close to World War III, in case you haven't noticed, and we have people that don't have -- we have people representing us who don't have a clue. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve. We will strengthen and modernize our military.
We will build a missile defense shield over our country, made in the USA. We will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our nation, defend our borders, and protect our lands and citizens.
And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. And we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally, all right? We do want people. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. They are conquering. They are conquering large sections of our country.
We are being conquered. Can you believe that? The only difference is they're not wearing military uniforms. We will be a free and proud nation once again. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope and the American dream itself. [Applause] But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is too big to rig.
Kamala destroyed perhaps the greatest city in our nation, San Francisco. It's an embarrassment what's happened to San Francisco. We're not going to let her destroy our country. So, all I need is for you to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth.
We have together, all of us together. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them. This nation belongs to you, belongs to you because it was the hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and tomorrow, it is the hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. [Applause]
Think of this. I won't be doing this anymore with North Carolina, and I won't be doing this anymore with -- after today, this is -- I'm just thinking as I'm going through this, that this will be our final moment. But really, the more exciting moment is going to begin. See, these moments of hundreds and hundreds of the most incredible rallies that any country -- no country has ever seen anything like this.
But these moments, these moments that we've had together, these really were just to create what we hopefully will create tomorrow, which is we're going to make America great again. We had to get there to do it. [Applause] So, we'll have many meetings, but we won't have rally meetings. We're going to have -- maybe we'll rally in that -- we'll rally in our success.
We'll have -- because we're going to make our country -- we're going to make our country so successful. And we did it. We had the greatest -- we had the greatest economy, the best. You see the numbers. You see the charts. We did such a good job. But we'll do a much better job now because I know the people now.
I know the good ones, the bad ones. I know the weak ones, the strong ones. I know the stupid ones. I know the smart ones. I know them all. After all we've been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we all love so much.
We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down, and we will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight and win, win, win. [Applause] November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
We're going to save our country. We're going to turn our country around, and we're going to do it quickly. And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
And we will make America great again. Thank you, North Carolina. Go out and vote.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. And a very, very special "We love this place." We love Detroit. Thank you very much, and hello to Michigan. We win Michigan, we win the whole ball game. Thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands and thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause] So, I'd like to begin by asking a very simple question. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"]
Not even close, and our country is not better off. That I can tell you. Early mail-in voting in Michigan is now underway. So, here in Detroit, early in-person voting starts tomorrow, so get the hell out and vote. You got to get out and vote. With your help, 18 days from now, we are going to win the state of Michigan.
We are going to defeat Kamala Harris. And we are going to, quite simply, make America great again. We're going to do it. We're going to do it. You know, Detroit has such great potential, but Kamala and the Democrats have been wreaking havoc on this place, this very, very -- in many respects, it's a sacred place.
So many things happened in Detroit, and it's been treated so badly. And they've been talking about comebacks for so long, but we're going to bring it back better than it ever was, better than it was many, many years ago. We're going to make Detroit great again. We're going to make it great again. You know, they have been talking about it for years and years and years.
For generations, this city and state were the world capital of automotive production and one of the great manufacturing centers in all of history. No matter where you went, this was the greatest in all of history. But year after year, globalist politicians like Crooked Joe Biden -- [Audience boos] Lyin' Kamala Harris -- [Audience boos] sold you out and let other countries loot, pillage, and plunder our wealth, our jobs, and our dreams.
And they did that here more than any other place in our country. Forty percent of Michigan auto jobs were annihilated after NAFTA. And China's entry into the World Trade Organization was a disaster for your beautiful place, your beautiful city, and, frankly, your beautiful state. Detroit was decimated as a -- [Audience member responds "That's right"]
That's right. Detroit was decimated as if by a foreign army. There was no difference. Our factories were left in ruins. And under Kamala Harris, this year alone, the United States has lost nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs. You know, they're doing a terrible job. Did you see her interview the other night? She said essentially, "Yeah. I'd keep it the way Biden had it."
Oh, that's great. That's great. He got out because of the way he kept it. She'll keep it the same way. U.S. car sales are down 38 percent since I left office. But with victory in November, we're going to take back what is ours. And it is ours. We're going to take it back, and we're going to bring back our jobs, our dignity, and our dreams. [Applause]
And standing before you tonight, I am proclaiming to the people of this state that by the end of my term, the entire world will be talking about the Michigan miracle and the stunning rebirth of Detroit. And this will be a real rebirth. Right? Under the Trump administration, all who have robbed you, raided you, ransacked you, and abused you will discover very quickly, America will not be taken advantage of anymore.
We were taken advantage of for years, for decades. We will reclaim our stolen wealth, and the days of Detroit's economic glory will return greater and stronger than ever before. Promise. [Applause] And I know how to do it. Oh, do I know how to do it. I will put Detroit first. I will put Michigan first.
And I will put America first. And that's the way it is. [Audience chants "USA"] As we speak, China was building a gigantic auto plant in Mexico. You know about that. And really more than one. [Audience boos] Don't worry about it. I took care of it for you. Took care of it. It's already done. [Audience member responds "Thank you"]
Without even -- without even closing the big deal, which is the presidency, I've already got it done. Of course, if she got in, she has no idea what the hell she's doing. She's grossly incompetent, worse than him. Then I cannot tell you what's going to -- I can tell you. They'll build -- they'll build the plant, I can tell you, but it's already done.
They think they're going to sell all of their cars into the United States and destroy Michigan, but it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. I promise you. [Applause] Now, they're building giant plants, and now, they just announced something which is going to save Detroit because you would not be able to compete with this plant, the biggest in the world by far.
A friend of mine builds them. He said the biggest in the world. He wanted to show it to me. I said, "No, thank you." I have other things to do. I want to see the plants built in the United States. That's the ones I want to look at. So, I said to him, "John," a year ago, "I want to see a plant." And he said, "Sir, we'll have to go to Mexico."
I said, "I don't want to go to Mexico." I want to look at one here. He said there's no big ones being built in the United States. I said, "That's bad." I said, "How big is it in Mexico?" "The biggest in the world." I said, "So, they're going to make cars and sell them in here, kill Detroit, kill Michigan."
You wouldn't have anything left. You wouldn't have anything left. [Audience boos] So, the other day, I was speaking -- a couple of weeks ago, I was speaking at the Economic Club of Detroit, which was nice. Made a nice speech. And what happened, I saw John, who was the biggest and the best auto builder.
That's what he does. He builds plants. I don't know if he can build anything else. I'm not sure he can build an apartment, but plants, he is very good at. And I hadn't spoken to him in a year. He was telling me about this massive plant. And I spoke, and I explained how I'm going to put massive tariffs, very big tariffs on anybody in Mexico that's selling cars that are going to hurt our business here.
And I said to him, "How's that plant coming along, John?" And he said, "Sir, they just told me it's over. They're not building it. They think Trump is going to win. He's going to impose tariffs, and it's worthless." You owe me big. [Applause] You owe me. You owe me. So, they stopped construction. They're not building it, and Detroit will survive.
But now, we've got to make it more -- now, we're going to build the plants. So, I'm going to do -- sometime next week, I'm going to call the people building the plant, very big, wealthy company which is backed by China -- it's China, you know? It's China. It's in Mexico, but it's China. And I'm going to say, "Build your plant in the United States."
We want people to build plants in the United States, employ our people. That's what we want. And if you do that, it's a whole different story. And ideally, they'll build it right here in Detroit, and we'll get Detroit moving. And others -- and others will come also. So, vote Trump, and you will see a mass exodus of manufacturing jobs from Mexico to Michigan, from Shanghai to Sterling Heights, and from Beijing to right here in Detroit and other cities all across America because a strong auto industry will make all of Detroit richer, boosting suppliers, real estate, and your entire economy.
And, you know, it's -- I've been reading. Seriously, I've been reading about Detroit for so long, the comeback. This is the real comeback. This isn't artificial stuff. This is the real comeback. You better vote for me. So, very simply, it's not overly complex. Some people don't understand it. If you watched Bloomberg the other day, you would have seen the CEO of Bloomberg interview me, and I think he understood it.
And I think "The Wall Street Journal" now understands it. Because to me, the most beautiful word in the dictionary -- it's not love. It's not respect -- [Inaudible; Audience chants "USA"; "We love Trump"; "Trump" and "Fight"]
Well, thank you everybody. Thank you. So, now, what happens is I won't pay the bill for this stupid company that rented us this crap. I won't pay the bill, and then we'll have a story that Trump didn't pay the bill to a contractor. No. When they do that kind of a job, don't pay the bill. That's terrible.
They also had a little problem with energy coming into the building, but I'm not blaming it on that. But here is my plan. Do we have fun? [Audience responds affirmatively] And can everybody hear perfectly now? [Audience responds affirmatively] I don't like the mic anyway. I didn't like it from the minute I started.
And this is important because we're doing things here that are really going to be amazing. So, let me know. And if it goes out again, I'll sue the ass off that company. We're going to sue them. Then they'll say, "What a horrible guy Trump is. He's a terrible guy." Starting in January, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy cost, the lowest regulatory burdens, the free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
That's us. But only if they make their products here in America and hire American workers for the job. And if these companies don't make their cars and products here, then they will pay a tariff -- a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and our cherished companies.
We're going to protect our companies. We're not going to let them steal our companies like they have in the past. We're going to call this policy Build It in America Plan. Because when foreign leaders and CEOs call me up to complain about our tariffs, my answer will be very simple: Build it in America.
Very simple. And to be specific, build it in Detroit, and we'll give you good electricity. Or build it in Dearborn, or Lansing, or Grand Rapids, or Flint -- Flint. The centerpiece of this plan will be a 15 percent made in America corporate tax rate. So, we brought the rate down -- and you saw this -- from close to 40 percent to 21 percent, and you've already had that.
Nobody thought it could be done. We got it down to 21. Now, we're going to get it down to 15 percent, but only if they build it in America. Does that make sense? [Applause] And for those who don't make their product in America, they will be forced to pay tariffs, and we will take in hundreds of billions of dollars toward our budget.
We'll pay down our debt. We'll reduce your taxes still further. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country, and we will take in so much money, and we will take in so many jobs. And we'll be -- we will be bringing -- for the first time in years and years and decades, companies will be coming to us.
And they'll be coming back to Detroit, and they'll love it. [Applause] Some say my defense of American Jobs makes me a protectionist. And yes, I will protect what is ours. I will protect our workers. I will protect our jobs, and I will protect our borders. I will protect our families, and I will protect the birthright of our children to live in the richest and most powerful nation on the face of the Earth.
These pro-worker policies are among the many reasons. And it's not protectionist; it's pro-worker. It's really not protectionist. We've had people ripping our country for years, decades -- destroying -- you look outside, you see all the hulks, you see the empty buildings. For years and years, they've been ripping us off.
Now, it's time for us to get it back. We're going to get it all back. These pro-worker policies are among the many reasons why I've been overwhelmingly endorsed by the rank-and-file membership of the Teamsters, including 62 percent of the Teamster members. And there are a lot of them here today. Stand up, please.
Teamsters, we love you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Kamala does not even pretend to have a plan to save Detroit because she knows her agenda will reduce your future to rubble. He's not going to -- her plan will drive every company, even small businesses, out of our country or out of business.
It's a disaster. It is a disaster. Kamala's inflation has already cost a typical family over $30,000 in higher prices. And now, she's proposing to raise the typical family's taxes by nearly $3,000 a year. So, watch these two videos. Let's see if they have some electricity going to them please. And it would be nice if the television cameras could watch them also because they don't do that.
I'm Donald J. Trump, and I approve this message. [End videotape] Thank you. Thank you very much. This is the worst mic I've ever had in my life. This is the worst. The tax queen is also demanding a shocking 33 percent tax hike on all domestic production along with the largest capital gains tax hike in the history of our country.
In other words, she's going to tax your companies and you out of business. The companies are going to leave, and you're going to end up with the same mess that you've had for the last 40 years. In total, our proposals are estimated to kill almost a million full-time jobs. Under Kamala, who knows absolutely nothing about what we're doing, it will be economic Armageddon for Detroit.
You go back further -- very simply, we're going to make it great. We're going to make it so good. You're going to have jobs coming in like never before. Under Trump, we'll turn this city into the most powerful jobs magnet in the history of the world. Upon taking office, I will immediately begin to eliminate every job-killing regulation in the books.
We eliminated more than any other president in four years. There's never been a president that eliminated more -- times five. As a senator -- oh, this one here, Kamala. You know, I'd like to call her Harris, but nobody knows who the hell I'm talking about. You ever see that? Like you say Harris, "Who the hell is Harris?" As a senator, Kamala voted to impose a 100-percent ban on gas powered cars and trucks, which would kill an estimated 200,000 US auto jobs. [Audience boos]
On day one of the Trump administration, I will terminate Kamala's insane electric vehicle mandate, and we will end the green new scam once and for all. We will quickly become energy-independent, and we will frack, frack, frack and drill, baby, drill. [Applause] I will cut your energy prices in half within 12 months.
So, listen. I will cut your energy prices in half, 50 percent, 5-0, cut them in half within 12 months of taking office. That's going to bring everything down. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small business, and we will also have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and no tax on Social Security benefits for our seniors.
I will make interest on car loans fully tax-deductible. And we will -- they will be so -- listen to that. What will that do for the cars? Fully tax-deductible interest on a car. You buy a car, and you get a deduction. Wall Street called me up. They said, "How the hell did you think of that idea? That's a good one."
Because affording a car is essential to restoring the American dream, and you're going to have the American dream finally. You haven't had it in 50 years. Working with Elon Musk -- is he good or what? [Audience responds affirmatively] I saw that rocket come down three, four days ago. That sucker was coming down.
I said, "Oh my God." I never saw anything like it. I was on the phone with a friend. I'm talking about something -- I don't know, something -- maybe having to do with Detroit. Could that be possible? But I'm talking on the phone, and I see the screen is on and no sound. And I'm saying, "Wait a minute, I have to put the phone down. I don't believe what I'm seeing."
And I saw that big monster coming down, that big -- you know, it's like a 20-story building or something coming down. The engines are glowing, and they're firing and spitting. And I said, "It's going to crash. It's going to crash into the gantry. Don't crash." And then you see another engine take it perfectly and lands right at the spot that it took off.
I said, "That must be Elon. Nobody else." It must be Elon. So, I called up Elon. I said, "Elon, was that you?" He goes, "That was me." I said, "Who else can do it?." "Nobody." I said, "Can Russia do it?" "No." "Can the US do it? Meaning the U.S. outside of you?" He said, "No, nobody can do that." I said, "You're the coolest. That's pretty..."
And he endorsed me long time ago, actually, saying It's the most important election we've ever had. [Applause] But working with Elon Musk, we will cut trillions of dollars in government waste. He's very good at that. He knows better than anybody. It won't affect anybody other than it'll look awfully good, and it'll help bring our country back.
I want to thank also Elon for campaigning so hard in Pennsylvania. Do you know he's actually feels this -- can you imagine? He just lands this biggest landing anyone's ever seen and he leaves for Pennsylvania to campaign for me. Can you imagine that? And -- [Applause] And, you know, he also -- and we got to say this.
I went to North Carolina, which was really -- was hit hard. Georgia, too, really hit hard. But in North Carolina, they had no communications. It was like they were an island unto themselves. And I said to the people, "What can we do?" He said, "We have no communication. People are dying. It's a mess."
They said, "The federal government, Washington, is doing a terrible job. Sir, do you know Elon Musk?" I said, "I happen to know him. He endorsed me. What's the problem?" He said, "Can you get Starlink?" I said, "What the hell is Starlink?" And they explained it to me. I'm a fast study. It didn't take too long.
So, I called up Elon, and I was saying, "Elon, we're in North Carolina. The people are really -- it's devastation here. It's unbelievable." They have no communication to the mainland. It's like it cut it off. It's incredible. The water was never -- we've never seen anything like that. I said, "Elon, Starlink."
It's very hard to get by the way because it's very successful, very hard to get. I said, "Can you get Starlink, a lot of those suckers? Can you get them for North Carolina and parts of Georgia?" And I was talking to him about it, and all of a sudden, I get a call in the other line. It's the man from North Carolina.
Thank you, sir, for getting the Starlink. I said, "I haven't even finished my conversation." Now, think of that. [Applause] I said -- I said, "Elon, I haven't even finished my conversation, and they're already saying you sent..." "That's right. I did that. I do two things at one time. I can do that."
So, he's great. He saved a lot of lives, I think, and he really -- and, by the way, the Starlink worked perfectly. As soon as it got there, it was perfect. So, thank you to Elon for that. He did a great job. And if we do all of this, our flag will fly proudly once more over the gleaming new factories, and the whole world will witness Michigan's resurgence.
Wealth will flood into our country and into the hands of our great workers. And that is the future that awaits for Detroit under a certain gentleman named President Donald J. Trump. Have you heard of him? [Applause] It's going to be real. It's going to be real. As we rebuild our economy, we'll also restore our borders.
Did you ever see anything like what's coming in through our borders? Criminals, drug dealers, prisoners, people from mental institutions. For four straight years, Kamala has imported an army of illegal-alien gang members and migrant criminals from prisons and jails, insane asylums and mental institutions all around the world from Venezuela to the Congo, and she's resettled them into your communities to prey upon innocent Americans.
I happen to think it's the worst thing that's happened. I think it's worse than inflation. I think it's worse than a bad economy. I think it's the worst thing that happened to us. Twenty-one million people. When I win on November 5th, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins.
I have no choice. One of the deadliest and most vicious migrant gangs that Kamala has imported into our country or, to say it a little differently, Kamala -- but I don't give a damn if I pronounce it right. Who the hell can pronounce? It's the savage Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua. Do you know them? Very nice -- it's a very nice group of young gentlemen, very fine people.
They were gang members in Venezuela. We let them into our country. By the way, they're taking over parts of cities all over the place. But in Aurora, Colorado and communities in all 50 states, this gang is terrorizing law-abiding citizens, including taking over multiple apartment complexes. You have to take a look at this. Take a look.
Just so you know, we have the most dangerous criminals in the world in our country now. The most -- we never had anything like this. These are the most dangerous criminals in the world. They make our criminals look like very nice people. That's about the only thing you can say. But they are the worst among the worst people.
And they come from all over the world. I thought it was 158 countries. Last week, they reported it's 181 countries. They're coming from all over the world. They're emptying their prisons into our country, mental institutions into our country. And they're taking their street gangs and their drug dealers -- and terrorists are now in our country.
Twenty-one million people came in under their rule, and she was in charge of the border. She's a grossly incompetent person, and we can't let this happen. We have to get the hell out and vote and get them out of here. The United States is now an occupied country. How about that? Do you ever hear -- do you ever think you'd be hearing that? We're an occupied country.
We're being occupied. You know, if you have a million-person army, that's a big army. They've got millions and millions of people. If they just take a small percentage of them, they'd have six million-man or woman army. Think of that. They've let these people into our country. They're emptying out the jails all over the world, the mental institutions all over the world, they're coming in.
I think it's the biggest problem we have. I don't care. Deflation and inflation, it's all bad stuff, but this is -- the polls say the biggest problem is our economy, which stinks. The second-biggest problem is inflation, which is devastate -- worst we've ever had. And the third is our border. I think the border is the first biggest problem if you want to know the truth.
But November 5th, 2024 will be liberation day in America. [Applause] And when I get rid of this microphone at the end of the speech, it's going to be liberation day for Donald J. Trump because I'm blowing out my voice to get this sucker done. I'm blowing out my voice. But I'm going to get through this speech because you're from Detroit.
We're going to turn this place around. We're going to make sure that electric current comes into it like it should. Liberation of Donald Trump. Good night, folks. That'll be -- that's terrible. But I think it's OK. I mean, you can hear it. If I scream like hell into the mic, I think, good for you, not so good for me.
But that's OK. That's what my life has been about for the last 10 years. And that's good because we love you. We're going to turn it all around for you. Under Kamala Harris, 13,099 illegal aliens, convicted murderers are on the loose in the United States. Immediately upon taking the oath of office, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history.
I have no choice. [Applause] We have no choice. I will rescue every town across America that's been invaded and conquered, and I will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country, which is my No. 1 choice. [Applause] To expedite removals of the Tren de Aragua gangs and other savage gangs like MS-13, which is just as bad -- we have them by the thousands now.
I took them out by the thousands, and they now are coming back in by the thousands. These people, what they've done to our country, I can't even believe it. I can't even believe it. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 -- that's where we had to go -- to target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil.
We will call it Operation Aurora. We want to -- we want to pay tribute to Aurora, Colorado. The governor there is a radical-left Democrat. He is petrified. The guy just don't want to walk out of his mansion. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole.
So, we keep them out. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause] [Audience chants "USA"] Kamala's migrant invasion is also devastating our great African American community, stealing American jobs, crushing wages, undercutting the voting power of our own citizens and bringing drugs, crime, and death to our country.
You know, we're devastating the African American population. They're taking their jobs. It's terrible. It's terrible. And also Hispanic -- they're taking a lot of Hispanic jobs. And the jobs created by Biden are all being taken by people coming into the country illegally. So, you know, it's terrible.
Yet Kamala says there is nothing she would do differently. Listen to this. She'll do nothing differently.
You know, she destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed California along with Gavin Newscum. Destroyed it. Did you see when Newscum said that you're not allowed to even ask for voter ID? If anybody asks somebody for voter ID, it's considered a crime. You know why? Because they want to cheat. There's only one reason why.
We want to be very careful. Detroit, if you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. You have to get out and vote right now. And with that, I'd like to acknowledge some of our great friends. And he just spoke, so I don't want to have to waste his time. But he did just speak, and he's great.
He's one of our really true leaders in this country. We're all lucky to have him running for the Senate. Mike Rogers. Where's Mike? Mike. Thank you, Mike. [Applause] And I don't want him to get up and use this crappy microphone that they sent. I don't want him to do that. I want to keep him good and healthy.
Unlike Trump, I want him to have his voice tomorrow. When I get up tomorrow, and I can't speak, I'm going to say Detroit did it to me but that's -- we're also pleased to be joined by a future star and, really, a current star. He's a great guy. He's a friend of mine. Congressman -- do you know who he is? Byron Donalds.
Congressman Donalds, thank you. Thank you, Byron. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. Thank you very much, Byron. Michigan House Republican leader, Matt Hall. Matt. Thank you, Matt. How are we doing here, Matt? We doing good? Going to win? I hope. We got to win. So far, we're winning. And Senate Republican leader, Aric Nesbitt.
Thank you, Aric. A man -- thank you very much, Aric. A man that I said, "You got to do this. You got to do it." He wasn't sure if he wanted to, you know? He had a great career. I said, "I'm sorry, Pete Hoekstra. You got to do it. You got to become the GOP chairman." Ambassador Pete Hoekstra. Thank you, Pete.
Great job. So, Pete, are we going to win? How are we -- thus far, I hear like way above projection. We're not even talking about polls anymore. These are way above projection. A man who is probably more knowledgeable about autoworkers for Trump and autoworkers period, and who knows exactly what we're doing.
He's a member of the union, but he's not happy with what they're doing with the whole thing, what they're doing. You know, they've lost a lot of jobs over the last few months, and it's going to continue until you have no jobs in this country. We're not going to let it happen. We are going to have more jobs, and it's going to be more powerful as an automobile capital than it was in its heyday, 60 years, 70 years ago.
It's going to happen. It's going to happen fast. Brian? Brian, stand up. Pannebecker. Brian Pannebecker, thank you very much. Thank you, Brian. And Dr. Massad Boulos, great friend of mine, and Michael Boulos, my son-in-law, he's a wonderful young man. Stand up, please. That's good. That's good. He got lucky, he married Tiffany, and they're having a baby -- a beautiful little baby.
We also have a man highly respected in Michigan, Imam Hussainy. Imam, please, wherever you may be, stand up. Thank you. Thank you very much. Great. Thank you very much. Great honor to have you. And we have a guy -- I made so much money with this guy. He was brutal. He was a brutal man. Happened to come from a place called Detroit or as they say, De-troit.
He says, "I come from De-troit," which is cool as hell if you're The Hitman, Tommy Hearns. The Hit Man. Tommy, come up here, Tommy. Come up. Come. Come. Come up here. Tommy the Hitman. We love Tommy. I won so much money betting on this guy. He was brutal. We love that. Look at him. He still looks good.
He still looks good. Wow. They have to take down -- you know, Secret Service has got a little -- I don't know. Is there such a thing as over? But Tommy is going to have to cross about nine gates. I don't think so, Tommy. About 25 years ago, he would've just hopped over them. Hey, Tommy, you're still good, huh? You think I could take you now in a fight right now? No, I don't think so.
I don't think -- look at him. He wants to -- oh, no, he wants to fight. Oh. Tommy the Hitman. Man, oh, man. Some of the greatest fights in history. Oh, look, he wants to come up. We should have him up, right? Come on, Tommy. Man, oh, man. I saw him in the audience. I said we got to get -- I see a lot of people in the audience.
I'm not bringing them up. Come on, Tommy. One of the greatest fighters of all time. And, man, I'll tell you what, he was something special. And thank you, Tommy. And he looks great, doesn't he? He looks great. [Applause]
Oh, that's great.
Great job, man. Man, could he fight. He was a natural. He had the greatest -- he had hips a little bit smaller than mine. He had shoulders a little bit larger than mine. See, he went in the right proportion. That's the way it's supposed to be, right? Thank you, Tommy. They love him in Detroit, right? They love him in Detroit.
Another man that they love in Detroit is a rapper, and he's one of the hottest in the world, actually. Trick Trick. Where's Trick Trick? Trick Trick. Come here, Trick Trick. Come here. Maybe we should have him do a little rapping or something, huh? Come here. Look at him. He looks good. He looks good.
Wow, you look good. Do a little rap if you want. Have a little fun. Go have fun.
Thank you very much. That's great. You have some great people here, I'll tell you. This is a great place. We are going to really make -- we are. We're going to make it great again, like the country, and we did it, and then we have to do it again because they blew it. They blew it to hell. But we're going to do it again.
Thank you, Trick Trick. Here are some of the facts on Kamala Harris. You know, after talking to The Hitman and Trick Trick, it seems sort of boring getting back into Kamala, but -- but that's what we got to do. We got to save our country, right? Mr. Wall. Mr. Wall, stand up, please. This guy is great.
You know, he's a wealthy guy. He made a lot of money. He comes to -- how many would you say you're at, 350 or something? He's got a lot. This guy's got lots of cash and I love his -- someday, I'm going to wear one of them to a rally. Actually, I think it would be well-received because we built 571 miles of wall.
We had it made. We were going to build another 200 miles of wall, and then they decided to sell it for five cents on the dollar. But we're going to get it -- we're going to get it done. We built much more than I said I was going to build. And one of the -- we had the safest border in the history of our country.
By the way, my all-time favorite graph. Can we put it up? [Applause] That's my all-time favorite. Illegal immigration saved my life, if you think about it. But that arrow in the bottom, that's when I left office. That was the lowest point of illegal immigration, and that included drugs and so many other things.
It was just -- everything. But it was also -- you know, they dealt with so many different elements of different forms of crime, the people that were coming in. And look what happened after that. Look at that. So, that was me. That was me in the last day, and then you look, it was like a rocket ship. It was like Elon Musk set the rocket ship up.
And that was loaded up with criminals of the worst kind. And that's what we have now in our country. And it's worse than that because, that one, I want to keep it just the way it was. I'm not going to change it at all. But the numbers on the right, they continue for a long time. It's just an amazing thing.
But we love that piece of paper. We love that chart more than any. I sleep with it. I kiss it every night. [Applause] I do have that throbbing feeling in my right ear, throbbing feel. But that's OK. That's great. Thank you very much. So, that was the best in history. That was the best in recorded history, anyway.
That was the lowest. It was the day I left office. They had human trafficking at a level -- the lowest level. Now, it's about 12 times, right? And they traffic in women. They traffic, not -- I mean, in children, but they traffic in women more than any other thing. It's a horrible, you wouldn't even believe it could be possible.
So, thank you very much. I just wanted to see if you had that. I looked to the right and a lot of things happened. And, you know, we went to Butler a few weeks ago, and we had a celebration, 101,000 people showed up. A hundred and one thousand, Butler, Pennsylvania. Butler, Pennsylvania, 101,000 people showed up, and it was a beautiful tribute to Corey, the great firefighter.
He was a great guy, a big, big Trump fan. And two other wonderful gentlemen were really hurt badly. They thought they were not going to make it, and the doctors did an unbelievable job. And they're getting better and better and better. But that's a rough thing. That was some -- that was some evening, I will tell you.
But what was really something -- and we had an opera singer that was so incredible, right? We had an opera singer that was incredible. We had the "Bells of Notre Dame." Now, they were recorded. We tried bringing them over, but they wouldn't let us do that. But we had a moment of silence. Then the bells rang, and then the opera singer sang, and we had "Ave Maria" by Pavarotti.
We had a whole night. It was an unbelievable tribute. It was a tribute to him. A hundred and one thousand people. Kamala Harris is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Bernie Sanders and even worse than Pocahontas. Does anyone know who Pocahontas? The great Pocahontas, they said, "You should never use that term. Please apologize."
I said, "I'd like to apologize to the real Pocahontas for..." Kamala destroyed our border. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement. Anybody that wants to defund the police even for one day, we don't want. We don't want them. They're not worthy of being the president of the United States.
If you have that ideology, and she does, she's a Marxist, communist, fascist, anything you want. Remember, I said we will never be a socialist country? Remember I said that? I said, "We will not be a socialist country." And I was right. We skipped socialism, we went down to communism. So, I was right.
I like to be right. I was right for the wrong reasons, right? Kamala Harris vowed to abolish ICE. These are the greatest people. They're tough, they're smart, and they love our country. And they take people out that nobody else wants to touch. I have some friends in the front row, they're very tough.
They're not doing it. They said, "We'll pass." And she wants to get rid of them. She wants to get rid of ICE. She wants to ban fracking, and as California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as nonviolent crimes. She pledged -- think of that.
She pledged to confiscate your guns. Would anybody like to give up their guns? She wants to confiscate. [Audience responds "No"]
You feel a little safer when you have all these criminals. Think of it. They allow hundreds of thousands of prisoners to come into our country. Some are murderers, some are drug dealers. They come in and then they say, "By the way, we're taking away your guns also," right? They don't go, "Would anybody like to volunteer to give up your guns? Please raise your hand."
Oh, we have a one guy. I think I have a feeling he won't be doing it when they -- [Audience member calls out, inaudibly]
No. Thank you very much.  [Audience member calls out, inaudibly]
Good, thank you. Sit down. That's enough. That's enough. He's our friend, but that's enough. And endorsed a total ban on handgun ownership. She wants to endorse a ban, a big one. She already did. She even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention. How about that one? And most importantly of all, she lied about working at McDonald's.
That's not a big thing, but can I be honest with you? It's terrible. But there is a video. You know, we talk about woke, and they want to take us woke. And we have a video that I think you'll enjoy. It's about when we won two world wars when we were the -- although we did defeat ISIS in about four weeks.
I will tell -- we have a great -- we have a great military, but I think you'll enjoy this. The way it used to be, and the way it is right now.
Pretty cool, right? We won two world wars. Remember that. We won plenty of others, and we defeated ISIS so rapidly. Nobody can believe it -- in a matter of weeks. They said it was going to take five years. We did it in a matter of weeks. In conclusion, with your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. [Applause]
We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always cherish our great American flag. We will cut your taxes, crush inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and create the greatest job boom the world has ever seen. We're going to do that very easily. Very easily. We will hire American, buy American, build American, grow American, and show the whole world that the American dream is back bigger, better, and stronger than ever before.
I will stop the -- absolutely, darling. And I will stop the global theft of American jobs and turn the US into the manufacturing superpower of the world. I will end the war in Ukraine immediately. I will get it done while I'm president-elect, stop the chaos in the Middle East and prevent World War III.
We are very close to World War III. We are very, very close to World War III because we have incompetent people. Ukraine would've never happened. October 7th would've never happened. Inflation would've never happened. It was caused by their stupid energy policy. None of this stuff would've happened, and we wouldn't have had that horrible situation in Afghanistan.
The most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. Thirteen dead soldiers, many people dead, many people and soldiers just devastated, loss of legs and arms. All of that wouldn't have happened. And of course, we gave them tens of billions of dollars worth of brand-new military equipment that I bought -- I bought and they gave it away to the Taliban.
I think it was the most embarrassing moment in the history of our country. And because of that, Putin said, "This is a paper tiger. I'm going to go into Ukraine." But he would've never done it if I were president. And even the Democrats admit that, frankly. I will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve -- they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. You know, I rebuilt our military. We rebuilt our military, but we're going to bring it to a next step. We will build a missile defense shield, all made in the USA, a lot of it made right here. And we will put these Stars and Stripes on the surface of Mars, and maybe with the help of Elon, we'll get it done quickly.
We will rebuild our cities, including our capital in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will -- remember this one. We will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools. It'll be gone. And we will keep men out of women's sports. I will defend religious liberty, your right to free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms.
We will do that. Second Amendment. After years and years of building up other countries, we will protect our borders, defend our families, and protect our American suburbs, cities, and towns like never before. We will end sanctuary cities, and we will stop illegal immigration once and for all. We will put American citizens first.
We will put American citizens first, American children first, American patients first, our American taxpayers first, American workers first, and American communities first. And we will put communists, Marxists, and fascists last, if that's OK. And they will always be last. They will never make a comeback.
They're getting very close. We've got to win this election, or they're going to be there. They're going to be there. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be conquered. And we will be a strong, proud, and free nation once again. We will defend our civilization, reclaim our sovereignty.
And I will give you back your freedom, your future, and your life. Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda once and for all. We want a landslide. And it looks like that could be happening.
Too big to rig. Early voting is underway. So, get everyone you know and go out and vote. Go tomorrow. It's just starting. Go and vote. Make sure you vote and bring all our friends that want to vote for us. Tell them, "Jill, get your fat husband off the couch." Get that fat pig off the couch. Tell him to go and vote for Trump.
He's going to save our country. Get that guy the hell off our -- get him up, Jill, slap him around. Get him up. Get him up, Jill, we want him off the couch to get out and vote. Bring your friends and get them out. After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge. And this is true. I really believe this.
We're on the verge of the four greatest years in the history of our country. With your help from now until Election Day -- we're talking about 19 days. Nineteen. We will redeem America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We have to take it back because we've lost it. We've lost it.
Nothing will sway us, nothing will slow us, and no one will stop us. We will press forward to our magnificent American destiny, and together we will fight, fight, fight and vote, vote, vote. And we will win, win, win. We're going to win, win, win. And November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country.
And together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, and God bless you, all. God bless you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you. [Audience chants "USA"] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wow, what a crowd this one is, huh? What a crowd. [Applause] Even up in the rafters. I don't know. You guys OK? Can you see that? Hello up there. I have some friends up there. They couldn't get seats. Can you believe this? Thank you very much, everybody.
It's great to be in Milwaukee. We love Milwaukee. [Applause] And a very special welcome to -- we love this place, right? We got it, the ship contract. We got it, the biggest shipping contract. You know that. We love being in Wisconsin. I'm thrilled to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots.
That's what you are. And we have a country that's going to hell, but we're going to turn it around very fast. And I'd like to begin with a very simple question, very simple. Are you better off now than you were four years ago? [Audience responds "No"] So, I've come today with a message of hope for all Americans with your beautiful vote.
We don't want your money. I don't want your money. I want your damn vote, OK? [Applause] We want that vote. I will end inflation. I will stop the criminal invasion of our country, the biggest problem we have right now, and I will bring back the American dream. And this is all you really need to know.
We have somebody who's grossly incompetent as -- I guess -- I don't know. Is she the vice president, the president? Is she a contender? What the hell is she? Kamala broke it, and I will fix it, and we'll fix it very quickly. And America will be bigger, better, bolder, richer, safer, and stronger than ever before.
It's going to be. You watch. This is going to be so much fun. That's the good thing about that little slippage that they had, that little -- you know, because it showed how bad they are. It showed how bad they are. And there's never been spirit like we had. There's never been any race that we've ever had in the history of this country that's had this kind of spirit.
So, I just want to thank everybody. [Applause] This election is a choice between whether we will have four more years of gross incompetence and failure or whether we'll begin the four greatest years in the history of our country. They're going to be the four greatest years. And I'm asking you to -- it's very hard for you to do this, to be honest with you, because you look at what's happened to our country, and how the hell can you do this? But I'm asking you anyway to be excited about the future of our country again, just be excited.
We're going to turn it around. And I'm asking you, dream big, the American dream. Just dream big. We're bringing it back. This will be America's new golden age. It's going to be the golden age. Look at this place. I mean, what the hell? How do you beat it? How do you beat it, huh? [Applause] How's Eric doing? I think very well. [Audience responds affirmatively]
Oh, boy. He's a great guy. He's a great-looking guy, too. Sometimes, I'd say maybe he'd be better off without that mustache. I'm not sure. He looks so -- he's such a handsome guy. I said, "I don't know." But, you know, I guess you'd better leave it because I hear you're leaving, so we have to leave the mustache, right? And you're doing great, Eric.
Boy, oh, boy, we love it. We love it. We love this whole place. We had a little event here, you know, recently. You know that, right? That was the convention. We had the convention, and I had a little -- I had a little patch on my ear, excuse me, a little patch. I said, "I don't know." I was a little embarrassed walking out with the patch, but there's nothing you can do about some things, right? Every problem facing us can be solved.
But now, the fate of our nation is in your hands. It really is. We win this state, we win the whole thing. You know that. [Applause] On Tuesday, you have to stand up, and you have to tell Kamala that you've had enough, that you can't take it anymore. She's been the worst vice president in the history of our country.
And you remember, just five months ago, everybody was saying, "She can't run. She's grossly incompetent." She was the worst vice president in history. We're not going to take it anymore, Kamala. You're fired. Get the hell out of here. [Applause] So, today was the last day for in-person early voting for most of Wisconsin.
There's a little tiny section, but I'm not going to get into the detail. But you still have until Sunday to vote early here in Milwaukee as well as in Madison and Green Bay and Racine. Racine. We love Racine. We just left Green Bay. We had a great event. Was anybody at the one in Green Bay? That was a good one.
That was -- how's your football team? You know what I liked? I love Brett Favre. And we got a call from Brett, and you have to -- I mean, he's a great guy, and boy, what a player. I shook his hand. I said, "Man, that hand is -- that's the biggest hand I've ever seen." His fingers were like sausages. That's why he could throw a ball 80 yards, right? No, he was great, but he wanted -- he never did it before.
It's such an honor because he never did it before. [Audience chants "Turn it up."] Thank you very much. No, Brett never did that before. You know, as an athlete, it's hard to do a little bit. You can't do it. You lose some fans maybe. Who knows? Crazy people that say, "Oh, I don't like him because he likes somebody."
But Brett was great, and we had an unbelievable day. And to get his endorsement -- and he wanted to do it right here. He wanted to do it right in Wisconsin. Any place, he said, in Wisconsin, and he gave me a full endorsement. and that was a great honor, right? That was a great honor. Great guy. [Applause] He could really rip that ball.
So, thank you very much to Brett. So, get everyone you know. You have to do it. You have to vote, vote, vote. We're going to win this thing, and we're going to win it big, and I'd love to win it right here. I'd love it. And if you haven't voted early, just come on Tuesday. We don't care at this point.
We don't care when you vote. Just make sure you vote. And if you see anybody cheating, you know what you do? You know what you do? Report them immediately. No, we're doing -- we're doing great. We're leading just about -- I think all seven swing states, we're leading, but don't listen to me now. Don't listen.
Just pretend we're one down, right? We're one point down, please. We don't want to say, "Oh, we don't have to vote today, Alice, because he's leading." No, don't do that. We've seen that stuff happen. We don't want to do that. [Audience chants "Fix the mic."] Oh, the mic. Yeah, I think the mic stinks.
I think it stinks. All right. Crazy, crazy. Oh, that's what -- I was wondering what the hell they were shouting. I think this mic stinks, by the way. And then we don't pay the contractor. I say, "Don't pay the contractor," then they write a story. "Trump doesn't pay his bills. He's a bad guy." No, the mic is terrible.
It was -- I had another one today. You know what? I've done three of these today. Somebody said -- somebody said, "Maybe what we could do is maybe we could just skip the last one." I said, "There's no way I'm skipping. There's no way." And this is the best one of all. Look at this place. [Applause] Thank you.
The ladies from North Carolina, 259 of these, they've come to. Look at them. They're beautiful. I don't know where the hell their husbands are. They're married. All of them are married, but they're great. And thank you very much. We're coming -- we're rounding the turn, aren't we, huh? We're rounding the turn.
And we have Front Row Joes over here. Look at them. And we have Mr. Wall over here. You know, it is sort of sad. Is that mic now better back there? [Audience responds "No"] Oh, that pisses me off. They don't -- they don't get it. Well, the mic at Madison Square Garden worked very well. Was that a great event? [Audience responds affirmatively] But honestly, it was basically the same, the same crowd as you have here, right? Same thing, your NBA arena, your team is very good.
I would say the Greek is a seriously good player. Do you agree? [Audience responds affirmatively] And tell me, who has more Greek in him, the Greek or me? I think we have about the same, right? He is some -- he's a great player, maybe the best player in the NBA, actually. He may be the best player. He's supposed to be a very good guy, too.
But with your help, we're going to defeat Kamala Harris, and we're going to make America great again. [Applause] Thank you very much. Thank you. So, in breaking news, the economy created a pitiful -- you won't even believe this. The economy stinks. What timing, what timing. Four days before the election, they have among the worst numbers ever in history nobody's ever heard.
They did 12,000 jobs. Normally, you're 250,000, 300,000, 400,000, They did 12,000. Think of it, 12,000 jobs. [Audience boos] And it's hundreds of thousands of jobs less than it should be because they're pathetic. They don't know anything. These people don't know anything. She's a very low-IQ person. We don't need a low-IQ individual.
We just had that for four years. We don't need this. But those numbers are so low. They're almost disqualifying. The only thing good about the numbers I'm going to give you now are that it's great to run against the people that created those numbers because it's terrible. And just think a few months ago, they fraudulently claimed -- remember? Three months ago, 818,000 jobs.
It was a fraud. Everything they do is a fraud, and then they go after people that aren't frauds. They're a fraud. The whole operation stinks. But they created 818,000 fake jobs, and they thought they'd get away with it. And a whistleblower blew the whistle, and they blew the whistle. They thought they were going to announce -- they call it a correction.
That's a hell of a correction, by the way. That will be the world's biggest correction in history. What do you think, Ron Johnson? That's the biggest correction, was it? You know, corrections are meant for like 700 jobs, not almost a million jobs. But now, they've just revised the past jobs number, right, your last month, and they revised it downward by 112,000 fake jobs.
So, these guys are playing fast and loose. These are crooked people we're dealing with. The people we're running against are crooked as hell. So, that's almost a million fake jobs. And I think it's something that Congress ought to look into, really. They ought to look into -- who the hell ever heard of these numbers? And they wanted to revise them after the election.
Could you imagine if you lost the election? And then two days later, we've revised the numbers downward, 1 million jobs. Nobody's ever heard of it. But we thank you, Mr. Whistleblower. You know, some whistleblowers are very good. Kamala's failed economic agenda wiped out nearly 30,000 private sector jobs and nearly 50,000 manufacturing jobs in just the last month.
Do you believe this? Nobody's ever heard of these numbers. Even I -- I mean, I know they're incompetent, but I thought they were sort of riding along a little bit on what we built. With almost 100,000 manufacturing jobs killed since the beginning of the year, 100,000. That's a lot. A hundred and fifty thousand -- these are all the numbers coming out of the so-called government, great government we have.
One hundred and fifty thousand Americans joined the unemployment rolls last month. This is like a depression. And there's nothing -- I mean, no event. I think they're trying to blame it on the hurricane. No, that was, you know, a little -- a relatively small area. No, not the hurricane, not the hurricane.
They're the hurricane. And nearly a quarter of a million people dropped out of the labor force, which is almost unheard of. No, no, these are the worst numbers anybody's ever heard of. The data shows that 100 percent, listen to this part, of all new jobs, net job gains in the past year have gone to illegal migrants. [Audience boos]
And the jobs were taken from African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and union workers. I don't think the unions are too happy about this. But I told you this was going to happen. It was inevitable. They're letting millions and millions of people flood into the country, and the African American population -- if you see these numbers now -- they're going to release them.
But I think maybe, Ron, you should try and get them early because they're really bad. They have taken so many jobs away from African Americans, less from Hispanic, but that's going to catch up. But the African American job picture is unbelievable. And we had it going so good, but they've come in illegally, and they've taken the jobs.
And people that have had jobs for 20 years and good jobs, and they raised the family, they had a little house and everything nice, and they've now lost their job to illegal migrants that have poured in through the open-border policy of that stupid person. Kamala's inflation nightmare has, think of this, has cost the typical American family $30,000.
Think of that one. Higher prices because the inflation is just raised. And, you know, it started when they played around with my energy. I had no inflation. We had the greatest energy we've ever had. I was going to have it four times higher by now. And we're going to do that, but we got a little bit of a delay because -- and we were going to have it four times higher.
We were going to take care of Asia. We're going to take care of Europe. We're going to take care -- we're going to make a fortune, start paying down debt. We have 35 trillion in debt. We're going to lower your taxes. I gave you the largest tax cut in the history of our country and the largest regulation cuts, and we were able to do more. [Applause]
Thank you. Thank you. And now, she wants to impose the largest tax hike in American history on top of everything else and raise your taxes by more than $3,000 a year. Is everybody happy? [Audience boos] I don't want to ruin your night, but don't worry. We're going to make it good. We're going to -- you got to suffer a little bit to get them out.
Get those people out. They're grossly incompetent. I stand before you today as the only candidate who can rescue our economy from total obliteration and restore it to strength, prosperity, and actual greatness. We're going to restore you to greatness. [Applause] As the just-released numbers plainly indicate, the economy is now a disaster.
And are you listening to this press? They're the most dishonest human beings on Earth. Are you listening to this? [Audience boos] These people, you know, whenever I look at them, they turn the cameras off. The red lights go off like -- you see them all go. They don't want any part of it. Now, that's a lot of press.
That's a lot of cameras going so late at night. But no, we're going to -- we're going to bring it back, and we're going to bring it back fast. You know what we're going to do. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to get the energy down. It's going to come down. We're going to drill, baby, drill.
But I don't know if you know it, the -- their economy is expected to get significantly worse. How does it get worse than that? It's really bad. Top Wall Street analysts like Scott Bessent, who is one of the most brilliant guys on Wall Street, he said that the only reason the stock market is up is because everyone thinks Trump is going to win the presidency. [Applause]
That's pretty good. That's pretty -- we had a great stock market. Can you imagine if Kamala won? You would go down to a 1929-style depression. I believe that, too. No, that would crush your incomes and kill millions of jobs and wipe out your savings. We're not going to let that happen. You got to get out and vote.
Just got to get out. I don't like to say, you know, when I win. No. I get -- I sort of say -- should I say when or if? [Audience responds "When"] You know -- I know, but it sounds a little braggadocio, right? All right. When I win, you are four days away from the best jobs, the biggest paychecks, and the brightest economic future the world has ever seen. [Audience chants "USA"]
Thank you. That's so nice. Thank you. Thank you. I will massively cut taxes for workers and small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtime, and for our seniors, ready? No tax on Social Security benefits. And I am going to -- this was given to me by a friend of mine. Actually, this was given to me by a great political reporter, a she, said, "Sir, why don't you support and give a tax credit for family caregivers who take care of a parent or a loved one?" I said, "That's a good idea."
So, we're going to do that. You know, if you didn't have those people, you would not have enough hospitals in this country to take care of anything. You'd need to double your hospitals, and you still -- those are the greatest people on Earth, and they do it with love, and we're going to get them a tax credit.
Is that OK? It's about time. To rapidly reduce inflation, I will end Kamala's war on American energy. We're going to drill, baby, drill. We're going to frac, frac, frac. You know, she goes, and she says, "Oh, no, I've always wanted to frac." This woman, she's the worst liar. Look, I had to go and beat Crooked Hillary Clinton.
She's crooked as a $4 bill. You know, I've never held a microphone up so long in my damn life. It's like I'm weightlifting. Sucker's heavy. But she's crooked as hell, right? Crooked Hillary. But she was less -- like, she didn't lie this way. This woman, "Trump is going to do -- he's going to terminate your Social Security in his first week in office."
No, no, no. I'm the one that's going to keep it going. No increases in age. "He's going to ruin Medicare. He's going to do that." I see her today. She's at a news conference. First of all, she's exhausted. She looks like -- no, she's exhausted, right? Man. And you know what? I've gone 62 days, no days off.
I've done so many. I've done so many. [Applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. No, I've gone 62 days. Today is an example. Yesterday, I started off in New Mexico. You know why? It's not really a swing state, but it's a state that likes me a lot. It's got a thing called a border, and it's an open sieve, and people are pouring in by the thousands and thousands and doing a lot of destruction and doing a lot of crime.
And I went there. We had a massive crowd. You couldn't even see the end of it. It was like early in the day on a regular weekday. And today, I was in Michigan. We were all over the place. We were in Michigan, but I said -- and Michigan is very important. You know, we're leading in Michigan. You know why? I'm going to bring back -- I'm going to bring back the car business, a little thing like that.
You know, I told them today, a year ago, I heard through a friend of mine who builds plants. He's a great plant builder, the best and the biggest in the world. He's building this massive plant, and I wanted to see it. I said, "I want to see the plant you're building." He goes, "Well, it's not in the U.S."
I said, "Then I don't want to see it. I'm not interested. I have no interest. Where is it?" "It's in Mexico." "Who owns it?" "China." They're building this massive -- they didn't start it. They're building this massive plant right on the border, so they can make cars, sell them into the United States, and destroy the rest of Detroit, take all the business away from Michigan and, in all fairness, Tennessee and South Carolina and lots of other places and you, to a lesser extent, but you, too.
But they're going to build this big plant, and I didn't like it. I said, "That's killer." You know, they're trying to solve the Detroit situation, and we want to bring back company -- and we're going to bring them back because -- you know why? The most beautiful word in the entire dictionary, you know what it is? It's tariff.
The tariff. You're going to become so rich with the word tariff. You're going to become rich as hell. You're not going to know what to do with the money. I'm telling you, you're going to become very rich. The word tariff. And so, I told them, and I was at the Detroit Economic Club. It was beautiful, and I was giving a talk.
And I saw the guy that told me that they're going to start building a big plant in Mexico, right on the border. And he was in the audience. John, his name is. He's, I think, the biggest in the world at this stuff. He's very good. And he told me, if you asked me to build an apartment, I couldn't build it or a road.
They couldn't lay the asphalt. But a plant, he has no problem with, with computers all over the place and robots. Lots of robots, by the way. So, I said, "Well, how's that going?" I was making a speech, and I saw him right about there, where that very beautiful girl is. I'm not allowed to say that. See the beautiful blond girl right there? I said -- no, you know, that's the end of your political career when you do that.
You're not allowed to call anybody beautiful anymore. If you do, it's the end of your political career. Ron Johnson would never do that. That's why he's a great politician. No. Right where that young lady is, John is sitting there, and I called him. I said, "Could you come back?" And he comes backstage.
Thank you very much. [Audience chants "Fix the mic."] Fix the mic. Oh, you got to be kidding. Do you want to see me knock the hell out of people backstage? Do you want to see me -- [Applause] I don't mind if they want to come up a little forward or something, but it's a pretty stupid situation, but that's OK.
I get so angry. I'm up here seething. I'm seething. I'm working my ass off with this stupid mic. I'm blowing out my left arm. Now, I'm going to blow out my right arm, and I'm blowing out my damn throat, too, because of these stupid people. I'll make you a deal. Pretend you're listening to it perfectly, and I'll come back and do another one, OK, with a decent -- it's so stupid.
And, you know, the only thing I asked for -- I don't care about lighting. I don't care about teleprompters because I never read the damn things anyway. By the way, isn't it nice to have a president that doesn't need a freaking teleprompter? [Audience responds affirmatively] But I don't ask for much. I don't ask for much.
The only thing I ask for is a good mic, and this is the second time today that this happened. So, now, if I was in -- if I were the president, and you know, like a dopey guy like this, Kelly, the guy's a total moron, and that happened. I'd fire him, and everybody would say, gee, I'm such a bad person.
You're not bad. You fire people when -- for instance, the generals that destroyed us in Afghanistan, every one of them should have been fired, should have been fired. [Applause] Hello? Hello? I don't think so. Hello? Is that better? Is that better? [Audience responds "No"] That's terrible. Is that better back there? [Audience responds "No"] Is that yes or no? Oh, what crap.
The only thing I asked for is a mic. You don't have to give me -- I don't even need a stage. I don't give a damn. Give me a good mic. And I went through two of these today, and it knocks the hell out of your throat. But so far, I'm doing OK, right? OK. Is that better? Yeah. And did you notice, I also -- I came in today, and you know, this is after four of these things.
I mean, in all fairness, I mean, I'm a human being, right? I come in, and here's the problem. I said, "Oh, man, it's too low." I said, "It's too low." So, I had to go -- way too low. Way too low. So, I walk in, and I say, "Shit." There's nothing worse than -- I walk in like this, and I'm -- did you notice? I was bending over like this.
Hello. And then everybody says, "Is there something wrong with his back? What the hell is wrong with that guy?" They're saying, "He's cognitively impaired and physically impaired. There's something wrong with him." All because I have guys that are stupid back there. All right. What are you going to do? What are you going to do, right? Oh, what a shame.
But we're going to come back. I'm going to give you a free performance back in that corner. You got a bad area back there. But I think this is better. I think it's probably better. But what we're doing is we're going to cut your price of energy in half in 12 months. You are -- because we have more liquid gold under our feet than Russia, than Saudi Arabia, than anybody.
Oh, that sounds much better. Does that sound better? [Audience responds affirmatively] Oh, that's good. Now, I don't have to come back. But we're going to cut it because we have all this beautiful liquid gold, and we're going to cut it, and it's going to drive everything down. It's going to be -- you're going to get -- OK, ready? January 20th -- first of all, you're going to vote November 5th.
You're going on Tuesday. That's number one because we got to get -- I don't like talking about -- like people are coming up to me, my staff over here who are great, "Sir, I'd like to recommend some people." I said, "I don't want to talk about any people. First, I want to win." Right? We don't want to talk about people.
Don't tell me about people. Everybody wants a job. Remember, there was a moment where they were saying, "Oh, nobody wants to work for Trump. He's too difficult." Let me tell you a little secret. They die to work for us. You know why? Because they all want to be this glamor deal. They want to be in this beautiful administration.
They want to be secretary of State. No, they say, "Sir, nobody wants to work for you. Nobody wants to be secretary of State and be known famous for the rest of your life. Nobody wants to be secretary of the Treasury." Nobody these people are nuts. These people right there, they don't want to work for Trump.
They don't want it because he's difficult. You know why I'm difficult? Because I want perfection for our country. That's the only reason I'm difficult. [Applause] So, I will terminate the Green New Scam, one of the great scams in history. Remember? Remember, our country was going to be dead in 12 years.
Remember that? Well, we came up with the 12. What happened? Where are we? Let me tell you, they have global warming, right? They said global warming. They used to call it, but now they call it climate change. You know why? Because climate change covers cold. If it's too cold, if it's too -- climate change.
We're suffering, climate change. If it's cold, that's good. If it's hot as hell, that's good. It used to be global warming, and that wasn't working because we're actually cooling. So, we have that. But, you know, the biggest warming problem we have is nuclear warming. So, they talk all the time about the ocean will rise, in 500 years, one-eighth of an inch.
Who the hell cares, OK? But we have maniacs that have nuclear weapons, and we can't let that happen. And you need a smart president. As an example, Russia would have never gone into Ukraine if I were president. Zero chance with Putin. Zero. And everything Biden said, I said he's saying the exact opposite of what he should be saying.
Israel would have never happened, that attack. October 7th would have never happened. What a shame, right? What a shame. You know what else wouldn't have happened? Afghanistan. The way -- not the -- we would have left sooner, but we were going to leave with dignity and strength. Instead, we lost 13 great soldiers.
I know their families. You know, Biden and Kamala would never call the families, not even one little phone call. [Audience boos] I don't think they really wanted to hear from him in the end. But they wouldn't call. Thirteen great people were lost. Many people lost the legs, the arms. The face was just horrifically injured and obliterated, in some cases.
Nobody ever talks about them. I talk about them all the time because those people -- I mean, they're going to suffer for the rest of their lives. It's so sad what happened. That Afghanistan -- and because of that, by the way, Putin looked. He said, "Oh, the U.S. is a paper tiger. I guess I can finally go into Ukraine."
Because it's the apple of his eye, always was. He told me, "No, I love it." I mean, he loved it, right? He loved it. He wanted it, but he would have never done it with me. Zero chance, zero chance. So sad. So sad. So many things have happened. You know what else wouldn't have happened to you? You would have had no inflation.
I had no inflation. You wouldn't have had -- inflation was caused by their stupid energy policy that drove -- it drove the energy through the roof. It's not so complicated. To bring back millions of jobs, we will give our companies the lowest taxes, the lowest energy costs, the lowest regulatory burdens, and free access to the best and biggest market on the planet.
And this mic is much heavier than the other one, I will tell you. I can do exercise. I can build up my muscle. But only for those who make their product here in the USA and hire American workers for the job, right? Right? [Applause] And if these companies don't make their products here in the USA, then they will be forced to pay a very stiff tariff when they send their products into the United States for the privilege of competing with our workers and taking our workers' jobs.
And we will now have protected companies. These companies will not leave because they're going to be protected by tariffs because they can't be undercut. You know, I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China. Nobody talks about it. Those guys don't -- they don't talk about anything. They only talk about bad.
They only talk about fake news. But we took in hundreds of billions, billions with a B, dollars from China. No other president took in $0.10. Oh, you know -- and I watched the other day. Mrs. Obama was nasty to me. [Audience boos] What was -- what was that all about? What was that all about, Scott Walker? Nasty.
Oh, look, it's Tommy Thompson. Holy mackerel, it's Tommy. Is that Tommy Thompson? Or am I -- stand up, Tommy. Stand up, Scott. [Applause] What a good -- oh, what a couple of real pros. Good guys. But Tommy, I got along with him great. You know, in 2016, I wanted to win Wisconsin so bad. He said it's not doable.
You are a very difficult state, but I won it. You know that. I did win it despite your difficulty. I actually won it twice, but these are minor details. But -- which is -- which everyone knows is actually true. But Tommy Thompson -- and he's a longtime governor, a longtime pro. And I said, "What do you think, Tommy? I have a big meeting."
And it's hard. You know, you have all these states. You want to go to the states. And he said, "Sir, you're wasting your time if you come to Wisconsin." And I said, "I don't feel that way, Tommy." I had a -- I had like one of these deals except with fewer people, to be honest. You know, we become more popular with time.
But it was good. It was big. I said, "I don't think so." He said, "Sir, I'm telling you, you're wasting your time. But here's what I'll do. I don't want you -- go to Pennsylvania, go to Michigan, go to these places. You have to win. Don't do it, sir. But here's what I'm going to do." I never forgot it.
It was the weirdest thing. He said, "Sir, don't do it. But if I feel you can win it or if I feel you're going to win it, if something happens over the next couple of months, I'll call you, and you can do it then." I said, "Wow, that's a great idea." So, three weeks go by, and I get a phone call. They said, "Sir, there's a Governor Tommy Thompson on the phone."
I said, "Who the hell is that?" You know, you sort of forget. You sort of forget, right? You know, it's like you're focused on the -- and I said, "Well, it's like Tommy." So, I said, "Hi, Tommy. How are you doing? What's up?" "Sir, it's time for you to get in that little chopper and come right up to Wisconsin. You're going to win this sucker."
He said, "You're going to win it." And he was right, right? He was right. [Applause] He was right. I got in that chopper. I was up here so fast. They couldn't believe -- they couldn't believe you could travel that fast. No. And we won. We had a great victory. And I will say this. We're much more popular.
This is a much bigger movement. You know, Make America Great Again, MAGA, it's the greatest movement, by far, in the history of our country. It's amazing. There's never been anything like it. And people don't even fight it anymore. Really, they don't win, but it's the greatest movement. And when Biden was doing that thing with the purple background, you remember that? He looked like the devil, right? You remember that? Sebastian, have you gotten taller, Sebastian? What's going on with you? Sebastian, do you remember? Why are you standing? Do they not have a seat for you? He's giving me applause before we -- he's a great guy.
Does everybody listen to his show? [Audience responds affirmatively] He's been loyal. I'll tell you one thing. That guy was with me through thick and thin. Anything that came up, he said, "The president is innocent." I said, "Oh, thank you, Sebastian." He would say, "I don't know exactly what they're accusing him of, but he's innocent."
No. Sebastian's been great. He's been a very good, loyal friend, a really good friend and a really talented guy, smart, smart. [Applause] But we are now more popular. This is the weave, you know, a little weave, right? You know, they used to say -- these are stupid people. They used to say, "He rambled."
I don't ramble. I do a weave. You know what a weave is? It's a story, and as you're telling the story, you realize that there's a little offshoot. Go up here. But the key is then you have to come back, and then you're doing the story. You're getting down to bottom line, and boom, you do another little weave.
Then sometimes, you do a weave off a weave. It's here and then -- and then back. It's called the weave. And one guy got it right, a writer. They said, "Trump is a totally brilliant guy." He said, "He's the most -- I've never seen anything -- " Because you always have to end up in the right place, or then you're rambling, you know, then you're rambling.
But no, I have a very fertile, very fertile brain. But it's the weave, and we do it. And it covers a lot of -- this way, you tell one story, and you cover -- really, it's like 15 subplots. But you get down to the final answer. And actually, they're starting to say it. You know who said it? Do you know who said it? Rogan.
Did anyone see that? What a nice guy. What a good guy. Because that's called long form. Joe Rogan, it's called long form. So, you're with him, and you're talking, and you don't have to rush your answer, cram it in, right? I like the way -- by the way, ""60 Minutes"" -- see, this is part of the weave, too.
I like the way ""60 Minutes"" -- in order because she doesn't do a weave. She doesn't know where the hell she is. She gave the worst answer I've ever heard to a question. One of the main questions -- she was on ""60 Minutes"," Kamala was. You can't call her Harris because nobody knows who Harris is, right? Have you -- have you seen Harris lately? Who the hell is Harris? So, you call her Kamala.
But on ""60 Minutes"," they did something that was amazing. I never thought -- I think it's the worst scandal in the history of broadcast. I mean, I think it's the worst scandal. She gave an answer which showed that she was grossly incompetent, grossly. It was crazy. It was just like all words. They had no meaning, no effect.
They took the entire answer. They said, "Yes, we adjusted it slightly. Yeah." They took the entire answer out, threw it away, and they took an answer down here that had nothing to do with it and put it, which was still crappy, but at least you could make a case. So, they took the answer out, and they put in a new answer.
And I said, "That's terrible." This is doing -- it's part of the news division. They get free licensing. They're worth billions, by the way, but they get -- the government brilliantly gives it to them for nothing. And they're all crooked. ABC's crooked as hell. Look at this David Muir, the way he was asking stuff.
This guy, pretty boy. [Audience boos] And his hair's not as good as it used to be, by the way. It used to be much better. But you know what? He was asking stuff. I said, "What the hell is he asking?" He said crime went down. I said only a fool would say crime went down. Crime didn't go down. It went -- and then the following day, right, it came out.
Crime was up 49 percent. It's terrible. But what ""60 Minutes"" did is unbelievable. They took the answer out. They replaced it with another answer. You got to see them trying to explain, Sebastian. They're trying to explain why they did that one. Did you ever do that? Would you ever do that? See, he may do that for me, but I don't think so, right, huh? If he did, he wouldn't be talking about it, that I can tell you.
But he may -- I don't want people to do that. You know what they do? They take mine. Mine is a beautiful, beautiful answer. But here's what they do. They cut out part of the weave, and then it doesn't sound so good anymore. But they -- what they -- what "60 Minutes" did and CBS, I think the license should be taken away from CBS.
And I think that "60 Minutes" should be forced to either close or take a very extended stay. And I'll tell you what. If a conservative broadcaster ever did what they did, it would be the end of their lives. Everybody would be in jail. Everybody would be in jail, what they did. And so, in honor of you, we sued them yesterday for a lot of money. [Applause]
We sued them. And I sued them, and we call it election interference fraud. It's election interference. It's a fraud. And I don't think there's any real way. I don't believe there's any way they can even answer it if you want to know the truth. But as we rescue our economy, I will restore our borders because I think that's your biggest problem.
I do. I really -- they're destroying our country. They're putting dangerous people. Look at these beautiful people. You'll be interspersed with murderers, drug dealers, terrorists. Do we have any in the house right now? Are there any people -- over the past four years, Kamala has orchestrated the most egregious betrayal that any leader in American history has ever inflicted on our people.
She's violated her oath, eradicated our sovereign border, and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails, insane asylums, and mental institutions all around the world, from the Congo in Africa to Venezuela. You know, Venezuelan crime is down like 72 percent, right? Because they put their criminals into the United States of America.
Thank you. Thank you, our stupid leaders. [Audience boos] And they're stealing countless American lives. You'll see that in a couple of minutes. It's horrible what's going on. It's a terrible situation. Today, I want to hear directly from a mother whose world has been absolutely shattered. This is a young, beautiful mother who I met at one of the rallies, and we said, "Do you mind if we do this?" She was so -- it's so -- I had some of the toughest people I've ever seen with me.
They were all crying when they saw this. Wait till you see this. Please.
[Applause] This is what we're letting into our country. This is what we're letting in. And you could take that scene and multiply it times thousands, whether it's on highways, whether it's just shootings, plain shootings. These are rough people, rough, rough people. And we can't take it. And it's the worst thing that's happening to our country.
I think it's the worst thing that's happened to our country in decades. Nobody's ever even imagined a thing where other countries will take their prisons and open them and drop everybody, thousands of their prisoners. You know what they save by doing that? And I know most of the heads of these countries.
It's like they can't believe they got away with it. And as soon as I heard we were going to have open borders, I said -- I know immediately that that's what's going to be done. They're opening their jails and their prisons and their mental institutions, and they're becoming empty. Some are already empty.
But all over the world -- this is all over the world. This isn't just in South America. It's not just Guatemala, Mexico, Honduras. You know, you think in terms of a little -- these are all over the world, big, big in the Congo, big, big. They're sending them over big, tough. They're tough. They're tough.
And they're mean. And they're mean. The day I take the Oath of Office, the migrant invasion ends, and the restoration of our country begins. [Applause] The savages charged with brutalizing and murdering precious Jocelyn are members of the same vicious Venezuelan prison gang, Tren de Aragua, that's taking over apartment complexes and unleashing violent killing sprees all over America, all over America.
Think of it. They're in Colorado. I think Colorado is going to vote for Trump. You know what they did? They were the ones that led the thing to get me -- I was the leading candidate of both parties, leading the Republicans and leading the Democrats, leading the Democrats one to one. I was the leading candidate.
And then they talk about a threat to democracy. And that governor, a radical-left lunatic who's petrified of the gangs that are taking over his state, this guy went and told his people to try and get me off the ballot. Can you imagine that? That would have been a fine mess. [Audience boos] That would have been a fine mess for the country, wouldn't it? And we went to the Supreme Court of the United States, won nine to nothing, because even the justice that were liberally inclined -- the justices that were liberally inclined, they said, "You can't do that. You can't -- you got to beat them at the ballot box."
It was very -- actually, it was very heartwarming to see it as a nine to nothing. But this governor in Colorado did it. And, you know, who hated him the most are the Democrats in Colorado. They thought it was terrible. The United States is now an occupied country, but it will soon be an occupied country no longer.
November 5th, 2024, will be Liberation Day in America. Liberation Day. [Applause] And on day 1, I will launch the largest deportation program in American history. I will rescue every city and town that has been invaded and conquered. These towns have been conquered. Think of what that means, conquered.
And we will put these vicious and bloodthirsty criminals in jail or kick them the hell out of our country immediately. And to expedite removals of Tren de Aragua criminals and MS-13 criminals, which are just about as bad -- we took out thousands of MS-13s. You know, they loved Long Island. Isn't that nice? Do you know? Two beautiful girls, 16 years old, were walking to school one day, and MS-13 attacked the two girls, and they sliced them up with knives.
They didn't want to shoot them because that's too quick and not painful enough. They took and they killed both girls. And it's lucky that we have ICE around because ICE was extremely good. They were extremely good. And this fool that we have running for president without having gotten one single vote to his 14 million votes, this fool wanted to defund ICE.
We want to defund ICE. If you defunded ICE, you had nobody. That's tough enough to go in there and get these animals out of our country. She wanted to defund ICE. I will invoke the -- and this is -- this is incredible because we had to go back so far. I will invoke the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. That's when they ran a tough country.
To target and dismantle every migrant criminal network operating on American soil. And if they come back into our country, it's an automatic 10 years in jail with no possibility of parole. And I am hereby calling for the death penalty for any migrant that kills an American citizen or a law enforcement officer. [Applause]
And I will immediately ban all sanctuary cities in the United States of America. We will have them no longer. And despite all the damage she has caused, Kamala has spent the final week of her campaign comparing her political opponents to the most evil mass murderers in history. You know that, right? All of us, you, me. [Audience boos]
Two days ago, Joe Biden called our supporters garbage. He called them garbage. [Audience boos] That's worse than deplorables, isn't it? Remember Hillary? How did that work out with deplorables? Well, garbage is working out even worse for him. They called you, all of us garbage. We're garbage. And I believe we have 250 million people.
I believe we have -- most of the country is about making America great again. [Applause] And my response to Joe and Kamala is very simple. You can't lead America if you don't love Americans. You just can't do it. It doesn't work. And you can't be president if you hate the American people, and I actually think they hate the American people.
She's not a good person. You know, her help --her help -- 95 percent of her help left. Do you know when she was in the DA's office in California, she made everybody stand at attention when she walked in? "Good morning, madam. Good morning," they were told to say. "Good morning, Madam District Attorney."
Stand up at attention. She's not a good person. Kamala's closing message to Americans is that -- I believe she hates you. I do believe that. I mean, I do believe that. My closing message is that I love America, and I'm inviting you to join us in building an extraordinary future for our nation. [Applause] My Oath of Office is an oath of allegiance to you, the American people.
We're going to -- we're going to straighten this mess out. We're going to -- it's a mess. It's an incompetent mess. I mean, she can't answer. She can't -- I see her being interviewed yesterday. She can't answer a question. She goes all over the place. She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.
She's crazy. It's crazy. I'm asking for your vote. But I want you to know that whether you vote for me or not, when I win, I will fight for you with every breath in my body. I'm going to fight very hard whether you vote for me or not. [Applause] [Audience chants "Fight"] I took a lot of heat about two months ago because I said, "I think women like me."
I do. I think the suburban housewives like me. I do. I think it's a con job by these people. I think it's all -- it's a lot of crap. But I think they do. And I said, "I think they like me because they know I'm going to protect them." And they said it's such a horrible thing. I said, "No, I want to protect the women of our country."
I want to protect them in many ways. I want to protect them in many ways, but some of the ways are -- suburban housewives, they say, don't like me. I think they do like me because -- because -- thank you. She's saying, "I love you." Where do you live? What part of Westchester do you live? [Audience responds "Illinois"]
Oh, well, that's nice. Illinois. Illinois. [Applause] You may have the worst governor in the entire country. Thank you very much. He's terrible. They threw him out of the family business, so he decides to run for governor. I know the Pritzker -- I know the Pritzker family very well. I was partners with them, actually.
They have some good people. But they threw him out because he was not very good, and he ends up running for governor because he's got money. But he's terrible. But I'm not allowed to use the fat word. That's the other word you cannot use. You are not allowed to use the fat word. I will not do it, but that guy is disgusting.
Everything Kamala says is a lie. Her entire campaign is one hoax and slander after another, but the more they lie, the more they smear, the more you need to get out and vote. We're going to get rid of these people. We're going to get rid of them fast, right? The only way to stop the lies is to swamp them.
We got to swamp them, swamp them with that vote. It's true. Kamala has no vision. She has no ideas. She's got no brain power. She's got no solutions. All she can talk about -- all -- did you see her the other night? All she could talk about is Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Donald Trump.
All she talked about. You know, there are some people who thrive under pressure, and there are some people who crack under pressure. She cracks under pressure. And the more pressure Kamala is under, the worst -- worse she crumbles. She is, at this point, very rattled. You take a look at her. She may -- is there a chance she would resign before the election, three days? I actually think they should have left Joe.
I think he would have done just as well, maybe better. And it's come out today upon extremely good authority, the press, therefore, it's no authority, but it's come out today that Joe Biden likes me more than he likes Kamala and that he would rather have me win than Kamala win because they took away his presidency.
It's the first time in the history of the presidency. They stole the presidency from him. He would rather have me win. Actually, I think psychologically, he's better off. It's a much better story for him. What they did is terrible. They went in, and they said, "You're out, Joe." Can you imagine? You're the president of the United States, and you have Crazy Nancy.
She's crazy as a bedbug. Crazy Nancy who had a lot of Visa stock, and she sold it one day before it was announced that Visa is under major investigation. And the fake news doesn't do anything about it. [Audience boos] And then you have Kamala who couldn't do an interview with Joe Rogan, who, frankly, is very fair.
I call him tough but fair. But he's great. Great guy. You know, we had the largest -- it was the biggest interview he did me last week, as you might have heard, the biggest interview that he's ever done in terms of hits, hits, hits, over 100 million, much more than 100 million. How much? Like 100 whiz TikTok Jack.
He knows everything. There's Tiktok. He's a TikToker. You know, if they're 20 years old and they work -- we have a guy, TikTok Jack. When they turn 20, they're finished in that business. No, they're too old, much too old. Then you get sued for age discrimination. If she can't handle an interview, then she can't handle, certainly, President Xi of China, President Putin.
He would have never done it. She can't handle anything. She's not equipped for that. She's not a president. She'll get overwhelmed, melt down, and millions of people will die. You're going to die. This is not a charity event. This is an election for the biggest and toughest job anywhere in the world.
This is the toughest job in the world with the most at stake, right? So, do you want to lose your life savings because we put a weak and foolish and incompetent person in the White House? I don't think so. Do you want to lose your job and maybe your house and pension because Kamala has the economic understanding of a child? [Audience responds "No"] The presidency is a job held by Teddy Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight Eisenhower, George Washington, and even Ronald Reagan, people of strength and intelligence, people that have a leadership quality.
Would you trust Kamala Harris to talk with Russia or China about nuclear war? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. I really don't. Would you trust her to steer us out of an economic crisis? [Audience responds "No"] I don't think so. Nothing is more dangerous than to give immense power to a very weak and incompetent person with an extremely low IQ.
We don't want -- we had enough of low IQs in the last four years. We don't need -- we can't go through another person who's a dummy. We can't do it. You wouldn't put Kamala Harris in charge of even a kindergarten class. You can't do it. You can't do it. So, at the end of the day, you need to ask yourself, can you afford to put someone this incompetent in charge of our country's future? No, you can't.
No, you can't. But on top of it all, Kamala says she would not do anything different, not one thing different than Joe Biden did. In other words, she should not run for office because he was the worst ever. Take a look.
Thank you. [Audience boos] "There is nothing that would come to mind." Can you imagine? How about the 325,000 children that she could have saved if she had the correct policy? No, she doesn't want to bring that up either. No. She actually would have changed things, but she couldn't think of it. You know, she didn't have enough time.
She only had about four days to prepare. If you want to end this disaster, you must get out and vote. We're going to solve this problem very quickly. It's going to happen fast. It's going to be beautiful to watch. We're pleased to be joined today by your next senator from the great state of Wisconsin, Eric Hovde.
Eric, thank you very much. You're going to have a great, great career. He's a good man, too, good man, loves the state. And he is -- is he central casting? And I'll tell you what. She is a disaster, OK? She's a horror show. Thanks as well to Senators Ron Johnson. Ron, stand up. Wow. Good man. He's a good man.
He really is. Thank you, Ron. Great job. Great job. Thank you. We have a man who's just become recently -- he was a great attorney general, and he's now a senator. He won a big race, a tough race, a race that everyone said, "Well, there's no way anybody's going to win this race." And he beat somebody that was supposed to win, and he's become a star in the Senate.
Eric Schmitt. Eric, thank you. Thank you. And from the great state of Oklahoma -- I love Oklahoma. You know, they have 77 counties, and I won all 77. You know who second was? Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was second. He won 56. I won 77. I have to move there immediately. I have to move. Markwayne Mullin.
Thank you, Markwayne. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Markwayne. And we have Representatives Bryan Steil. How are you doing with the ActBlue or whatever it's called? You got to get it done before the election. He's working on one of the biggest scandals in the country. It's like where the Democrats put money into ActBlue or whatever the hell they call it and massive amounts of money.
And everybody's talking. And he's in charge. So, we're going to blame you if nothing happens, right? No, but everybody knows it was a rip. But honestly, you got to get this stuff done before elections, not after elections. And we learned that they're finding all sorts of things now in Pennsylvania. Who would have thought you had to do this? But good luck with that, Bryan.
That's so important. OK? Thanks. Good luck. Scott Fitzgerald. Scott, thank you very much. Thank you. Great. Good job you're doing. Kevin Hern. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you. We appreciate -- these are warriors, by the way. And a real warrior, he grew up here, and he moved to Texas. He's one of the most popular guys in Texas.
He's a congressman. He could do anything he wanted. They love him. And he actually asked for a leave of absence. He said, "If you don't mind, I'd like to go to Wisconsin where I grew up. I want to help the president win that state." He left Texas. And you know what Texas said? "We love you for doing it because we have no problem."
You know, we won Texas by a lot. This is always a little bit tighter. It shouldn't be tighter. It should be the same thing. Oh, I wish it was the same thing. Texas has been so good. But, you know, they view him as a hero for doing this as opposed to, "Gee, why is he not in Texas?" And he's been up here for four months.
He's got his brothers helping him. He's a great congressman, and he's a fantastic man. Troy Nehls. Thank you, Troy. Have your brothers stand up. Your brothers, stand up, fellas. Boy, oh, boy, the whole family came up here. Really, they came up just to help me. It was so really incredible. And candidate for Congress, I don't want to mess with this guy.
He's a big, powerful man. Randy Niemeyer. Thank you. Look at the size of that guy. I met him backstage, Scott. I met him, and I said, "Wow." And former governors, Scott Walker and Tommy Thompson. Great people, great. Thank you, Scott. Great. Two great guys. A very respected man in D.C. and here, a friend of mine, a great lawyer, Reince Priebus.
Reince. Thank you, Reince. Thank you, Reince. And we loved Bobby Kennedy, didn't we? Didn't we? We loved him. Everybody loves him. You know, I have a deal with him because he's really into the environment, but he's really into health. I say, "Bobby, you take care of health. You work on those potatoes and work on those oranges, and you work on everything, everything. You can work on everything. The only thing you got to leave alone, Bobby, just leave it alone is the liquid gold because we're going to make our fortune. I don't want you telling me I can't touch it, Bobby."
The only thing I've asked Bobby to just please, Bobby, don't tell me it's like a problem, please, because we're going to make so much damn money. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation in the world, including Saudi Arabia -- including Saudi Arabia and Russia. You know, I took it from No.
4 to No. 1. We were No. 1. We were energy independent. Can you imagine? Mr. Wall. Please stand up, Mr. Wall. I'm going to buy that suit. I'm going to buy that suit. Susie, please buy that suit for me. We also have the head of our campaign on today, and other than this microphone, she's done an unbelievable job this year.
Unbelievable. It's the best run campaign. People are saying -- well, actually, to say it's the best run campaign, you got to win. So, let's say -- do you mind if I wait about four days? But Susie, wow, she's incredible. Incredible. You know who's your father. You know, I believe in this stuff so much.
Pat Summerall. Right? Great announcer, great football player, great announcer. Look, he's going, "Wow, that's very impressive." But no, we believe in genetics a little bit, right? But Susie's done an incredible job. And thank you, Susie. You really have -- and Chris and everybody else, right? Thank you, everybody.
Appreciate it. Former Small Business Administrator Jovita Carranza. Thank you, Jovita. Jovita. Thank you, Jovita. Did a good job. And Sebastian, we want to thank you very much. You are really -- Sebastian Gorka, everybody. And a man who I think is going to bring us home, GOP Chairman Brian Schimming.
Thank you, Brian. What a good job you're doing. I heard him speak the other day. I was in the plane, flying in, and he was up, speaking. You are good. You are psyched, right, like we all are. We want to win. This is the biggest win. This will be the biggest win. Think of it. And if we win the whole thing, it'll be the greatest event in political history in this country and maybe beyond.
And not only great because it's a great event. It's going to be great because of what we're going to be able to do. We're going to be able to fix our country. That's why it's really going to be great. It's going to be very important. And a friend of mine, one of the greatest developers, a great guy, a very generous person.
He's always giving money to charity when there's a problem like in North Carolina. He went to go with me. He wrote out a big check all the time. He's a fantastic man. Steve Witkoff. Thank you, Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great guy. So, in conclusion, here are the facts. Kamala is a radical-left Marxist, rated even worse than Crazy Bernie Sanders or Pocahontas herself.
Remember Pocahontas? Her mother said she had high cheekbones, which I think is very racist for somebody to say. I think it's a racist statement. I think you should investigate that statement. She destroyed our economy. She was an original creator of Defund the Police movement, and anybody who wants to defund the police for even one week or one day is not worthy of being president of the United States.
Kamala vowed to abolish ICE. She pledged to confiscate your guns and endorse a total ban on handgun ownership. Who in this room is willing to give up their gun, please, to Kamala? [Audience boos] Who refuses to give up their gun? [Audience responds affirmatively] I think she has a very tough job. But she even called for free sex changes for illegal aliens in detention at taxpayer expense. [Audience boos]
And perhaps worst of all, she lied about working at McDonald's. She lied. She never worked at McDonald's. Never worked there. She never worked there. She's a liar. It was always -- oh, I saw -- I went and checked it out. Actually, they were the best french fries I ever had, nine seconds after taking them out of that fat, whatever the hell -- but they were the best.
You know, when they sit around for about two hours, not so good. With your vote this November, we're going to fire Kamala, and we are going to save America. [Applause] We will cut your taxes, end inflation, slash your prices, raise your wages, and bring thousands of factories back to America and back to a place called Wisconsin.
We will build America. We will buy American, and we will hire American. That's what we want. And I will end the war in Ukraine. It would have never happened if I was president. And I will stop the chaos in the Middle East. October 7th would have never happened. All those people would be alive right now.
And I will prevent World War III. We're not going to have World War III. With this people, you'll have it, and it would be a war like no other. This would be a war like -- because of the power of the weaponry. We will crush violent crime and give our police the support, protection, resources, and respect that they so dearly deserve.
We will strengthen and modernize our military. We will build a missile defense shield over our country, all made in the USA. And we will rebuild our cities, including our Capitol in Washington, D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful again. We will teach our children to love our country, to honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag.
And we will put in a bill into Congress. They say it's unconstitutional. I don't know why. But we're going to protect our great American flag. Anybody burning the American flag or destroying our American flag gets one year in jail. Thank you very much. [Applause] And we will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our schools.
And we will keep men out of women's sports. Yes. I will defend religious liberty. I will restore free speech, and I will defend the right to keep and bear arms. Our Second Amendment will be totally protected. After years of building up foreign nations, defending foreign borders, and protecting foreign lands, we are finally going to build up our country and defend our borders and protect our citizens and our land, right? And we will stop illegal immigration once and for all.
It will be stopped. And we want people to come into our country. We do. We want people. But they have to come in legally through a system. They have to love us. They have to love our country. We will not be invaded. We will not -- and that's -- we are not going to be invaded. We are -- it's like an invasion.
It's like a military invasion. You know, the guns and weapons they have, some of these guys have, they're military-grade. They're at least military-grade. Some are better than military-grade. We will not be invaded. We will not be occupied. We will not be overrun. We will not be conquered. We will be a free and proud nation once again.
Everyone will prosper. Every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with opportunity and hope. And it will be -- more than anything else, it will be filled with a thing called the American dream. We're going to have the American dream back. But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris and stop her radical-left agenda with a landslide that is just too big to rig.
So, you need to get out and vote. For the past nine years, we have been fighting against the most sinister and corrupt forces on Earth. They are corrupt, sinister, horrible people, horrible people. With your vote in this election, you can show them once and for all that this nation does not belong to them.
This nation belongs to you, all of you. Belongs to you. It belongs to you. It was hardworking patriots like you who built this country, and four days from now, it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country. You're going to save our country. [Applause] And I would love to see you do it because you deserve it.
You've been very loyal to me. I won all my primaries here. I won everything here. I had a little -- a little slip-up with some bad things that happened in one election, but, you know, everybody understands it. And we just had -- we just had tremendous success here. I have so many friends here, incredible people.
And remember, when you're about to press that lever, and I told you this before, everybody wanted that damn boat contract to build like 28 destroyer-type boats. And I'm a very visual person, so I took the thing that was designed, which wasn't that beautiful, and I took the bow of the boat, and I reshaped it with them, with the yard, right? You know the yard.
We're talking about great yard. That's correct. Thank you very much. And I took it, and I said, "No, you got to have a little more point. You got to -- " Oh, you got to see this thing. It looks like a yacht with lots of guns on it, and they've done a great job. And everybody wanted it. Every state wanted it.
Some of them won't even talk to me still. But I wanted that big -- one of the biggest contracts, right? That was one of the biggest contracts. And Ron helped me a lot, and I wanted it to go to Wisconsin, and it went to Wisconsin. And they're building their little hearts out. So, when you're ready to press that lever, Sebastian, remember that beautiful boat.
Remember the yacht with guns all over it. After all we've been through -- and we have been through a lot. But after all that we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. We're going to make them great years. We're going to make them great years.
With your help from now until Election Day, four days, we will restore America's promise, and we will take back the nation that we love. We love this nation. I mean, I wouldn't be doing this. I could have a hell of an easy life. I could have those waves just smacking me in the face, beautiful saltwater waves all over the place.
I got waves all over the place, lots of places with lots of waves. Mr. Witkoff can confirm that, right, Steve, like probably more than anybody. I don't have to be here, but if I had my choice, I'd rather be right here with a broken-down shit microphone in Wisconsin. I would rather be in Wisconsin than some beautiful beach. [Applause]
I would rather be right here because we are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never back down. We will never, ever surrender. Together, we will fight, fight, fight, and we will win, win, win. We're going to start winning again. [Applause]
November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country, and together, we will make America powerful again. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America healthy again. Thank you, RFK, Jr. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again.
And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much, Wisconsin. God bless you. God bless you all. Thank you.
